var iFileName = "Homebrew Syntax - Dungeon and Devil Fruits Code.js";
RequiredSheetVersion(13);

SourceList["D&DFPHB"] = {

	name : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits - Player's Handbook",

	abbreviation : "D&DFPHB",

	date : "2023/09/09",

	group : "Discord",

	url : "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sp-d6tFxMzRA924GLKOHKSMve1R2Lfps/view?usp=sharing",
}

SourceList["D&DFDMG"] = {

	name : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits - Dungeon Master's Guide",

	abbreviation : "D&DFDMG",

	date : "2023/09/09",

	group : "Discord",

	url : "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sp-d6tFxMzRA924GLKOHKSMve1R2Lfps/view?usp=sharing",
}

SourceList["DFE"] = {

	name : "Devil Fruit Encyclopedia",

	abbreviation : "DFE",

	date : "2023/09/09",

	group : "Discord",

	url : "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sp-d6tFxMzRA924GLKOHKSMve1R2Lfps/view?usp=sharing",
}

FeatsList["dungeons and devil fruits rules"] = {

	name : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules",

	source : ["HB", 0],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Introduces the unique rules introduced in \"Dungeons and Devil Fruits - Player's Handbook\" and \"Dungeons and Devil Fruits - Dungeon Master's Guide\" into the notes.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Island Generation",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 3],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 1",
		note : "\nTo easily create an island, the DM might decide to come up with an concept on their own or generate one randomly. In either case, using the tables and guide below will help aid in the process of generating islands for one's own campaign.\n   Measuring an Island: The size of an island might range from less than a square mile to thousands of square miles in size in the Four Blue Seas. When entering the Grand Line, Red Line aside, most islands are much smaller than the continent-sized islands found in the Four Blues. For comparison and scale, you might consider making the size of islands throughout most regions of the One Piece world similar in size or population to the variety of islands in the Bahamas or Caribbean on Earth. Use the Island Size table below to determine what size the island might be.\n     Roll   Size         Area                   Popluation\n     1      Diminutive   < 1 Sq. Mile            5d10 Citizens\n     2      Tiny         1d4 Sq. Miles          10d10 Citizens\n     3      Small        5d10 Sq. Miles         10d10 x 10 Citizens\n     4      Medium       3d10 x 10 Sq. Miles    5d10 x 100 Citizens\n     5      Large        5d10 x 100 Sq. Miles   10d10 x 1,000 Citizens\n     6      Colossal     > 10,000 Sq. Miles     > 1 million citizens\n   Island Terrain and Climate: The terrain of an island determines the physical features and the climate it may have. On the Grand Line, the terrain type of each island is usually static and the season remains the same year-round. Larger islands may have several types of terrain or climate across, so roll multiple times if this is the case. Use the table below to determine terrain and climate.\n     Roll   Terrain       Climate\n     1      Beach         Tropical\n     2      Forest        Moderate\n     3      Jungle        Tropical\n     4      Desert        Dry\n     5      Plains        Moderate\n     6      Hills         Moderate\n     7      Mountainous   Cold\n     8      Swamp         Humid\n     9      Volcanic      Hot\n     10     Tundra        Cold\n   Island Seasons: The seasons of each island outside the Grand Line is dependent on its location and climate, but will usually rotate normally between Spring, Summer, Fall, and Winter. In the Grand Line, however, seasons may remain static or change rapidly at a highly unusual rate. For example, some islands may rotate between seasons every week. To determine the current season on an island, you may roll a 1d4 (1 - Spring, 2 - Summer, 3 - Fall, 4 - Winter) and use the result. You might decide islands on the Grand Line have extreme climate changes as a result of each season as well. For example, a Jungle Island might be perpetually stuck in winter, making it a highly unusual Frost Jungle Island.",
	}, {
		name : "Society and Culture",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 3],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 2",
		note : "\nThe populations of each island may have a variety of different races, belief systems, ethnicities, culture, and alignments. Alongside these factors, the level of support an island has for pirates versus the navy or world government may also differ. To determine how to run each island's society and culture, use this section as a guide.\n   Races: Most islands throughout the world are inhabited and ruled by humans, with other races occasionally making up the small minority of an island's population. However, occasionally there can be rare and hidden islands inhabited by non-human races found in the grand line or other corners of the planet. Roll a 1d20 for each island, and on a roll of 1 the island is inhabited by one of the races on the table below.\n     Roll   Race\n     1      Human Variant (Human variants may be similar to humans, but have distinct characteristics that make them slightly different. For example, the Kuja Tribe, Torino Tribe, and Kumate Tribe are basically humans with very extreme differences in appearance and behavior.)\n     2      Fish-Men\n     3      Mer-Folk\n     4      Sky Islanders\n     5      Minks\n     6      Yokai Tribesmen\n     7      Cyborgs\n     8      Dwarves\n     9      Giants\n     10     Mix of Races\n   Cities and Settlements: Since the One Piece world is so divided and disconnected, the culture and apparent time era of each island may also vary greatly across regions. Unless an island is uninhabited, a city will usually have a number of settlements equal to each size the island is over \"Small\" (at least 1), but it is ultimately up to the DM. Use the table below to determine the settlement's culture. You may use multiple different cultures or combine cultures together to create unique populations of people.\n     Roll   Culture\n     1      Tribal\n     2      Western Medieval\n     3      Renaissance\n     4      Eastern Traditional\n     5      Middle Eastern\n     6      European\n     7      African\n     8      Modern Urban\n     9      Rural\n     10     Entertainment & Resorts\n     11     Militaristic\n     12     Futuristic\n   Placement of Settlements: Islands with multiple human or nonhuman populations may have their cities and settlemnts located in different regions. The table below can be used to determine the type of a settlement and where it is placed.\n     Roll   Settlement Type\n     1      Coastal Harbor\n     2      Fortified Inland\n     3      Agricultural\n     4      High Altitude\n     5      Fortress or Military Base\n     6      Around River, Lake or Swamp/Marsh\n   Island Faction and Military: If an island's size is \"small\" or larger, it usually requires a military of some sort to defend against invaders. Some islands are defenseless, however, and rely on defending themselves against pirate and raiders. If an island is controlled by a certain faction (e.g. pirates or marines), it tends to have a certain alignment and level of support for that faction based on how the citizens are treated by said faction. The alignment of an island's general populace is determined by what faction influences it. There are rare exceptions to this rule, however. Sometimes lawful pirates or evil marines may take control over an island, changing the island's alignment to whatever fits at the DM's discretion. The level of support an island's population has for the ruling faction is randomly determined. If 60% or more of an island's population supports the faction controlling it, the population is considered to be in favor of their rule. If 40% of the population or less support the faction, the faction is generally disliked by the island. Any percentage inbetween means the island feels generally indifferent or neutral toward the ruling faction. Roll on the table below to determine what type of faction and military controls or protects an island.\n     Roll   Faction                 Alignment      % Support\n     1      None                    None        None\n     2      Independent Military   Any          10d10\n     3      Marines              Lawful Good    10d10\n     4      Pirates              Any Chaotic    10d10\n     5      Revolutionaries       Neutral Good   10d10\n     6      World Government       10d10\n   Military Bases: If an island is controlled by a faction military, it will have at least one fortress near any settlements or cities on the island. Marines, World Government, and independent militaries will normally have a fortress or barracks, pirates will have a cove, and revolutionaries will operate in a hidden or secret base. The number of units a faction has in its forces is determined by the population of the island. Roughly 10% of the island's total population will be members of its ruling faction. These faction members are able to fight and serve the faction its supporters at any given time. In addition, the number and size of the faction's bases and ships can be determined by the overall number of faciton members on the island. For example, use crew size of a ship under the \"Ships and Sailing\" section to estimate how many ships and what size of ship would be needed to mobilize the faction members on an island.",
	}, {
		name : "Player Reputation and Intrigue",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 4],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 3",
		note : "\nSometimes players attempting to befriend an island's populace isn't so easy, especially if there are alignment differences between the players crew and an island. Additionally, if an island's faction members are directly opposed to the faction the players are a part of (e.g. marines hate pirates and vice versa), they may attempt to locate and capture the players. And if the player crew has a bad enough reputation on an island, they may launch an all-out witch hunt or assault onto the players after some time.\n   Reputation: As mentioned in chapter 4 of the Unofficial One Piece D&D Player's Guide under the \"Inspiration Dice Alternative: Pirate Prestige\" section, a crew will normally enter each island with a certain level of reputation. The reputation score a crew starts at on an island that isn't in direct opposition to them is 5. This number increases by 1 for each famous and well-liked character on the crew (e.g. celebrity or world-class performer). If the island is ruled by a faction that directly opposes the players, their reputation score starts at 1. The only way to get crew reputation score up past 1 is by spending a week undetected by enemy faction members on the island, in which case crew reputation score increases to 2, or by swaying the minds of locals through the completion of quests done for them or by defending against invaders. See \"Increasing Reputation\" for more information on this.\n     Island Size          Maximum Reputation\n     Diminutive to Small   20\n     Small                 30\n     Large                  50\n     Colossal              100\n   Inceasing Reputation: To further increase the crew's reputation on an island, the crew can use \"Pirate Prestige\" abilities and points to automatically increase their reputation if their current reputation score is above 1. Another way to increase reputation is to complete quests for local or defend against invaders. For every quest completed by a player character, their crew's reputation score increases by 1d6. If a player crew successfully defends an island from pirates, marines, or enemy invaders, the crew's reputation score increases by 10.\n   Using Reputation: Reputation has many uses when the crew has a high reputation score on an island. If a crew's reputation is 1, they will be unable to use reputation points at all. If a crew's reputation score is higher than 10, they can spend 1 reputation point to ask for a small favor from locals or friendly faction members on the island. For larger favors, 5 or more points will need to be expended. If a crew has a reputation score equal to more than half of the maximum of an island, players can stage citizen revolution against an enemy faction if the population isn't in favor of its ruling faction. In exchange, the population will demand protection against invaders from the player crew. If the revolution succeeds, the ruling faction is overthrown and the island will begin flying the player crew's flag.",
	}, {
		name : "Ship Sentience",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 6],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 4",
		note : "\nA ship will become sentient if it consumes a zoan-type devil fruit, becomes influenced by the effects of a devil fruit that might grant it sentience, or develops a soul from the love of its crew. A ship will slowly develop a soul as its crew bonds with it over several voyages between islands. At the end of each voyage, every member of the crew must roll a Charisma check (DC 10 for a Large or Huge ship, DC 15 for a Gargantuan ship, and DC 20 for a Battleship). If more than half of the crew succeeds on this check, then the entire check is considered a success. After 3 total successes, the ship begins to develop a soul (see below). The DM may choose to withhold what these rolls are being used for. Alternatively, the ship may develop a soul or personality from eating a zoan-type devil fruit. By feeding a devil fruit to a ship, it will become sentient in the same way it would be listed above. Once the ship becomes sentient, it may begin speaking telepathically with its crew or others boarding it. However, because it is likely to be infantile at first, it won't be noticeably intelligent, aware, or charismatic. Its Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma scores are all set to 8. While these scores are set to 8, the ship will only be able to form simple sentences and possesses a limited vocabulary based on what words it learns from its crew. Starting from the point it becomes sentient, the ship will also be able to grow with its crew along the journey. Each time the crew levels up from here on out, so does the ship. While boarding the ship after the crew has leveled up at least once, the crew will be able to spend ability score points (2 per level up since the crew last boarded the ship) to increase the ship's Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma scores. In addition, the ship can be given inspiration dice at the start of each voyage or whenever the DM decides. This inspiration dice may be used to allow for a re-roll on any ability check or saving throw made by the ship. While the ship is sentient it can use a number of different skills on its own without needing to be operated or boarded by a crew:\n   Rescue Crew (Intelligence 12 or higher): A sentient ship that knows its crew is in danger will attempt to sail itself to go save them. Whether it succeeds in doing so depends on the skill checks made by the ship to do so (determined by the DM). This can only be done once per day.\n   Supernatural Awareness (Wisdom 12 or higher): A sentient ship is roughly aware of who enters and leaves the ship at all times. It can use this awareness to inform its crew if any creature might be sneaking around on the ship or of any potential sabotage. How precise this awareness is depends on the Wisdom score of the ship and any Wisdom checks made by the ship.\n   Inspiring Chant (Charisma 12 or higher): A sentient ship that has developed a deep bond with its crew is able to inspire and push them to their limits. If a crew member is within 30 feet of the ship, the ship may use an action on its own to help motivate and inspire them. The inspired crew member gains advantage on the next ability check they make. This can be used a number of times equal to the captain's proficiency modifier, and it regains all uses once the crew completes a long rest.",
	}, {
		name : "Building a Ship",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 7],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 5",
		note : "\nIf a crew desires, they may choose to build a ship or vehicle of their own with the help of a shipwright or shipbuilder. In any case, a shipwright that is proficient in managing orbuilding vehicles will be able to spend a number of days building and assembling their dream ship. The cost of building a ship will be equal to 80% of the listed cost of the desired ship type,since the price of labor is taken off the total and only the materials, parts, and special tools need to be purchased. If the ship is listed as a \"special vehicle\", a shipwright cannot build it until they have acquired the blueprints or any special materials required to do so. Additionally, building a special vehicle requires paying 100% of the listed cost instead. The process of building a ship can be long, strenuous, and risky. Many mishaps may happen, and whole parts can break or might even require replacements. However, the upside of building a ship is that if it is properly crafted by a superior shipwright, it will look and function even greater than an average ship of its type.\n   Building Process: Once all the required parts and materials are gathered in one place, a proficient shipwright or shipbuilder will be able to begin the ship building process. The time it takes to build the ship is determined by the Constitution score of the type of desired vehicle on its stat block. If the Constitution score is 11 or less, it will take 1 day to build. If the Constitution score is 12 or 13, it will take 1 week to build. If the Constitution score is 14 to 17, it will take a month and an additional month for each point over 14 tob uild. If the Constitution score is 18 or higher, it will take a year plus an additional year for each point over 18 to build. This time is halved for each additional proficient shipwright or shipbuilder that helps work on the vehicle until completion. The construction period is considered downtime, but most of this downtime must be spent working on the ship each day. During this time, a number of skill checks must be made by the head shipwright to determine how successful the construction process is. The number of successful checks that need to be made is equal to 1 + its Constitution modifier on its stat block. The DC of each check is equal to the Constitution score of the vehicle (Minimum of DC 10). Each additional shipwright or shipbuilder working on the ship adds a +1 bonus to these checks (maximum of +5). These checks cannot be changed or given advantage/disadvantage by short-term skills or other abilities unless they are specifically related to the process of the shipbuilding, as it involves many different actions being done over a long period of time. If a successful check is made, one success is counted. A critical success counts as 2 successes. If the check succeeds by 5 or more, it is a major success and you may roll on the \"Major Shipbuilding Success\" table to decide what buffs are applied to a random ship component. If the check fails, one failure is counted. A critical failure is counted as 2 failures. If the check fails by 5 or more, it is a major failure and you must roll on the \"Major Shipbuilding Failure\" table to determine what penalties are applied to a random ship component. Once a component accumulates 3 or more major failures, it falls to 0 HP and needs to be repaired. If 3 total failed checks or more are counted, the ship needs to be rebuilt from scratch all over again, effectively doubling the building time. Once a number of successes equal to the 1 + the ship's Constitution modifier are counted over the total course of the required building period, the ship is finished and ready for use.\n     Roll   Success Type\n     1      Component gains 1d4 bonus to its damage threshold\n     2      Component gains a +1 bonus to AC (max. 20)\n     3      Component gains 1d12 maximum hit points\n     4      Any critical hit against the component becomes a normal hit\n     Roll   Failure Type\n     1      If a component has a damage threshold, it is decreased by 1d4\n     2      Component loses 1 AC (min. 10)\n     3      Component loses 1d12 maximum hit points\n     4      Attacks made against the component have advantage",
	}, {
		name : "Ship Upgrades",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 12],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 6",
		note : "\nIn addition to being able to build a ship, skilled shipwrights may be able to add additional components or weapons to their ship. Upgrade components may vary in price, especially if they are rare. However, sample prices are provided for each upgrade component. Additionally, a crew will need to pay a ship builder to upgrade their ship with a newc omponent unless they have access to a shipwright on their crew. A shipwright will be proficient in any checks required to upgrade the ship with a new component. Building a component from scratch requires paying its component cost in tools and materials. Special components and their materials aren't normally available for purchase from common shops or shipyards. Building individual special components requires special knowledge or blueprints of the component and rare materials. Upgrading a ship requires the ship to have empty upgrade slots available. If the ship stat block does not list it has any upgrade slots available, it will not be possible to add new components to it unless the upgrade component states otherwise. Alternatively, a currently existing component on a ship can be replaced with an upgrade component. A currently existing component frees 1 upgrade slot when removed or can be replaced by an identical component. The hull can not be replaced on a ship if it has already been assembled, but can be added during the construction process by adding the upgrade cost to the total ship construction cost.\n   Installing Upgrades: If a ship is taken to a shipyard, a ship builder will always succeed on upgrading the ship. If the ship is being upgraded by a shipwright in the crew, they will be able to undergo the upgrading process to add a new component. The upgrading process requires a set amount of downtime for the shipwright to work on the ship and install the upgrade components. The time it takes to upgrade the ship with the component is determined by the component type and how successful the shipwright is in installing the part. When a check is made to install a part, the roll must succeed on the DC listed by the component. The type of check is determined by the skill needed to add to the component (a cannon might require a Strength check to carry and place, sails may require a Dexterity check to properly align, etc.) and a shipwright will always add their proficiency bonus to these rolls. If a successful check is made, the upgrade component is added to the ship with no issues. If the check succeeds by 5 or more, or is a critical success, you may roll on the \"Major Shipbuilding Success\" table to decide what buffs are applied to the component. You cannot have more than 3 major successes on a component. If the check fails, the upgrade component is not added to the ship. Instead, the time spent adding the component is wasted and another check must be made. If the check fails by 5 or more, or is a critical fail, you must roll on the \"Major Shipbuilding Failure\" table to determine what penalties are applied to the component. If the component receives 3 major failure penalties, the component drops to 0 hit points and needs to be repaired. For each additional shipwright working on the ship there is a +1 bonus made to any checks to install an upgrade component, up to a maximum of +5.\n     Medium Components: A medium component takes 1 hour for each check to install, and requires one successful DC check for each upgrade slot.\n     Large Components: A large component takes 8 hours for each check to install, and requires one successful DC check for each upgrade slot.\n     Huge Components: A huge component takes 1 day for each check to install, and requires one successful DC checks for each upgrade slot.\n     Gargantuan Components: A gargantuan component takes 1 day for each check to install, and requires two successful DC checks for each upgrade slot.\n     Special components take twice as much time as listed.",
	}, {
		name : "List of Ship Upgrades",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 12],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 7",
		note : "\nFor reference, 1 copper coin is worth ฿10 (or Beli).\nMovement Components: \nControl Components: \nHull Components: ",
	}, {
		name : "Acquiring a Ship",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 15],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 8",
		note : "\nMost parties will not be able to afford a ship early on, especially at lower levels. Even at later levels, decent ships still might be far out of their price range. Some options for providing easy access to a ship for players outside of giving them tons of money to spend include:\n   Saving an island of ship builders from a pirate invasion, earning them a free ship or supplies and workers to build one.\n   Receiving a ship as a gift from a wealthy contact or quest giver.\n   Stealing a ship from a powerful group of pirates.\n   Discovering a lost ship graveyard filled with enough salvageable parts and weaponry to build a new ship.\n   Finding a legendary artifact in a dungeon that can be traded for a decent ship.\nFurthermore, a crew might seek out a signature ship for them to use over the course of the entire adventure. The creation, purchase, or discovery of their ship should be a special moment and major milestone for the crew. Giving them tools to customize, upgrade, and spend time together on their new ship will help forge a deep bond with it over time, making their journey with together all the more engaging.",
	}, {
		name : "Crew",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 15],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 9",
		note : "\nA ship requires a competent team of crew members to keep it operational when traveling or even harboring. As detailed in the \"Crew Roles\" section, ship crews may require a diverse mix roles on board a ship to safely adventure into dangerous waters. Disease, malnutrition, poor direction, injury, infection, and ship damage or degradation are all potential threats to any crew attempting to sail into open waters. And on the Grand Line, these risks are even further amplified. Characters that take on special roles required to deal with these threats are referred to as \"Officers\". Additional NPC crew members and lackeys may be added to the ship later on, called \"Hirelings\".\n   Officers: Here are example officer roles to determine which player will fill which role on a ship:\n     Captain: The captain is in charge of issuing orders and raising morale. The captain should be one of the strongest members of their crew and simultaneously most charismatic or strategic, with the best captains normally having a high Charisma or Intelligence score.\n     First Mate: Similar to the captain, the first mate should be the second most powerful and charismatic individual in a crew. The first mate will also cover any weaknesses their captain may have. If the captain is killed or retired, the first mate will be first in line to take over or inherit the crew. The first mate may also have a more dedicated role on the crew, such as being a doctor or chef on the side.\n     Navigator: The navigator provides direction and knowledge of maps and weather to the crew. A talented navigator will often have a high Wisdom score, proficiency in Nature or Survival, and proficiency with navigator's tools.\n     Doctor: The ship's doctor tends to injuries, monitors illness, and provides basic medical and scientific expertise. A skilled doctor should have a high Wisdom score and proficiency in Medicine to perform medical procedures or be capable of using healing abilities.\n     Chef: The chef is responsible for nourishing and preparing meals for the crew. Food and drink is the lifeblood of every crew, and the importance of quality and taste in each meal should never be underestimated, as it provides a great deal strength and motivation to every other member of the crew. The best chefs will have proficiency with cook's utensils and brewer's supplies.\n     Other Roles: The primary roles listed above cover roles often considered absolutel ynecessary to keep a ship and crew up and running. However, other important roles may include a shipwright to physically maintain the ship and repair damage, a musician to uplift a crew's spirits, a skilled lookout for spotting danger from far away, a helmsman to properly maneuver a ship and read the waters, and a record keeper to log the adventure and provide insight into new discoveries and the history of locations or treasure.\n   Hierlings: On ships that require smaller crew sizes, 4-5 player characters with different roles should be sufficient early on. On larger ships, however, crew size may need to be increased and additional officer positions may need to be taken to meet the needs of the increased population on board. Large crews may want to designate officer positions for managing each section of the crew. When the size of a crew's ship increases, most captains will need to hire additional crew members to keep the ship running. To find more people to fill these spots, hirelings are used. Hirelings can be found in places where seafaring communities are more common, typically in large port cities. For every 10 hirelings on board a ship, there should be at least one officer managing them to maintain order. This officer can take on a leader position in the chain of command under the captain and first mate, reporting to them at the end of each day. If there aren't enough player characters to fill the number of officer positions required, the captain may enlist a specialist to take on the role of an officer on the crew. Additional crew roles can be filled by hired officers or they can be ordered to assist other officers with their job (A chef that needs help in the kitchen may make one officer their assistant chef). The downside to recruiting hirelings is that they can be expensive to maintain in higher quantities and aren't usually as loyal as most player characters will be. The average weekly wage for a single hireling crew member is ฿15,000 (฿60,000 each month) and the average weekly wage for a hireling officer or specialist is ฿150,000 (฿600,000 each month). In addition, hirelings need to be fed, sheltered, and treated well. You can use \"Recruit\" stats for an underling, and higher-level stats of choice for an officer or specialist.\n   Mutiny: If hirelings are underpaid, neglected, or underfed, they will grow to resent the captain and crew over time. Each instance of neglect has an additive 10% chance of leading to a mutiny among hirelings who feel neglected. This chance is reduced when they are given reparation or compensation. When a mutiny occurs, if less than half of the crew partakes in the mutiny, the neglected crew members will simply attempt to commit acts of theft, violence, and subterfuge to sabotage the crew and damage the trust toward the captain without detection, until they manage to escape or resign. If more than half of the crew partakes in the mutiny, a full-scale assassination plot or battle will take place until crew demands are met or the captain is overthrown.\n   Bonds: Alternatively, if a hireling is treated well and bonds with the crew over time, they might eventually graduate to becoming a permanent member of the crew. After some time has passed, these NPC crew members may start to work as apprentices under player characters, learn new skills, or even receive increases to stats. Higher level NPCs and skilled mercenaries may also end up in the crew over time, creating bonds with the crew. See the optional loyalty rule for more information on determining the bond and loyalty between NPC crew members and player characters.\n   Fleet: Once a crew advances into the later stages of the campaign, one ship may not be enough to deal with the impossibly vast number of enemy ships and fleets that are after their heads. Thus, a larger fleet will need to be established. The primary vessel that the crew and captain travel in should be designated as theflagship, which commands all other ships and vessels within the fleet. Additional ships arecontrolled by Fleet Commanders, which can be NPC or player characters, and a number of officers and crew members working beneath them on the ship. The captain of the entire crew will be called the head commander of the fleet. Counting and crunching the total amount of pay for every crew member, officer, and commander as well as total expenses may grow to become tiresome after a while. If this is the case, it might be wise to consider ships other than the flagship to be proficient enough at making money on their own so that expenses aside from major repairs, stolen treasure, etc. can be ignored. Additionally, allied captains may decide to join the fleet under an alliance. In this case, they will rarely require salary pay. Communication between each ship and commander is vital to keeping a fleet healthy. Luckily, Den Den Mushi phones provide easy communication between ships, also allowing for coordinated attacks against enemy ships or fleets. Similar to mutiny rules listed above, fleet commanders that grow resentful toward the head commander may turn against the fleet and leave or attack the fleet. If this occurs, ship battles within the fleet may occur between player characters, fleet comamnder allies, and the now enemy commanders. Defeating a fleet commander that betrays the fleet has a 50% chance of winning back the ship and crew under the commander. Otherwise, defeating the remainder of the traitor crew will be required to regain access to the ship again.\n   Fleet Orders: Fleet commanders may go off on their own separate journeys, bringing back loot or experiencing tragedy along the way. The head commander can decide if ships in the fleet stick with the flagship or go off on their own under the command of the fleet commander controlling the ship. Communication can be maintained with the flagship and head commander to control what happens with the other sections of the fleet. When a ship in the fleet goes off on its own, roll for it under the \"Traveling Events\" table to see what happens each time the ship travels to a new area or island. If the ship faces a dangerous encounter, there is a 25% chance that something bad will occur. Roll on the \"Ship Tragedy\" table to determine what happens if this occurs. Otherwise, the fleet commanderand crew win or escape (determined by DM). If the encounter isn't random or minor, the DM may decide what happens or let the players take control over the NPCs for the duration of the encounter.\n    Roll    Tragedy\n     1-5     Minor Damage: The ship withstands insignificant scratches and dents which can easily be patched over the remaining duration of the trip.\n     6-7     Major Damage: The ship withstands serious damage and the hit points of its hull are reduced by 50% of its maximum.\n     8-9     Broken Parts: A random component other than the hull of the ship is completely destroyed during the encounter.\n     10-11   Plague: The crew becomes diseased during the encounter. 1d100 percent of the crew dies.\n     12-13   Deadly Poison: The crew is poisoned during the encounter. Half of the crew dies.\n     14-15   Captured: The ship and crew are captured by enemies during the encounter.\n     16-17   Launched: The ship and crew are suddenly sprung onto a nearby sky island and become stranded.\n     18-19   Mysterious Disappearance: The ship and crew drop all communication during the encounter and the entire crew vanishes for unknown reasons. However, the ship can still be recovered.\n     20      Complete Annihilation: The ship is completely destroyed and sinks to the bottom of the ocean along with the crew.",
	}, {
		name : "Acquiring a Ship",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 15],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 8",
		note : "\nMost parties will not be able to afford a ship early on, especially at lower levels. Even at later levels, decent ships still might be far out of their price range. Some options for providing easy access to a ship for players outside of giving them tons of money to spend include:\n   Saving an island of ship builders from a pirate invasion, earning them a free ship or supplies and workers to build one.\n   Receiving a ship as a gift from a wealthy contact or quest giver.\n   Stealing a ship from a powerful group of pirates.\n   Discovering a lost ship graveyard filled with enough salvageable parts and weaponry to build a new ship.\n   Finding a legendary artifact in a dungeon that can be traded for a decent ship.\nFurthermore, a crew might seek out a signature ship for them to use over the course of the entire adventure. The creation, purchase, or discovery of their ship should be a special moment and major milestone for the crew. Giving them tools to customize, upgrade, and spend time together on their new ship will help forge a deep bond with it over time, making their journey with together all the more engaging.",
	}, {
		name : "Sailing",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 16],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 10",
		note : "\nHere are travel rules you can use at your table for travel at sea.\n   Fueling Your Ship: If a ship has a fuel engine installed on it, the ship will require fuel each day to keep the engine running. Each engine on a ship will require its respective type of fuel to function, and can hold up to a maximum of a day's worth of fuel in its fuel tank. Additional fuel barrels will need to be stored on the ship. If the engine goes a full day without a full barrel of fuel, it will shut off and cease to function as an engine until it is filled with a barrel of its fuel type.\n     Barrel Type   Weight per Barrel   Price per Barrel\n     Standard      30 lbs.             ฿8,000\n     Large         100 lbs.            ฿20,000\n     Huge          300 lbs.            ฿400,000\n   Acivity While Traveling: A crew can participate in a number of activities while actively sailing. For more information on \"Activity While Traveling\" refer to chapter 8 of the Official D&D Player'sHandbook. Additionally, you may refer to the section titled \"Crew Roles\" for more information on what each character may do during travel depending on their crew role. The party's pace has no effect on the activities they can engage in while traveling by ship. Here are some other example activities a crew can partake in while traveling:\n     Fishing: A character decides to fish for the day using a fishing net, fishing lines, harpoons, etc., making a Survival check to see what they bring in. The DC depends on the difficulty of the sea being fished in (DC 10 for Easy; DC 15 for Medium; DC 20 for Hard). If the check succeeds, the character may roll on the table below.\n       Roll   Catch Result\n       1      Sea Monster: The character reels in an aggravated Sea Beast, which proceeds to attack. There's a 10% chance the character reels in a Sea King instead.\n       2-3    Trash: The character reels in a bunch of worthless junk.\n       4      Weapon or Armor: The character reels in a random mundane weapon or piece of armor.\n       5      Treasure Chest: The character reels in a chest that has 1d100 x ฿10,000 worth of treasure and gold inside. There's a 20% chance the chest has a treasure map and eternal pose inside.\n       6      Small Fish: Character reels in a fish equal to 1 day worth of food. The fish has a 10% chance of being poisonous.\n       7-9    Large Fish: Character reels in a fish equal to 1d4 + their Wisdom modifier days worth of food.\n       10     Legendary Fish: Character reels in a fish equal to 10 days worth of food.\n     Banquet: The crew unanimously decides to have a large banquet or party. To have a successful banquet, the ones organizing the party must spend at least ฿20,000 in food and drink for each crew member. This will reduce the chances of mutiny occurring down to 0%.\n     Lookout Duty: A character can spend the day analyzing the ship and the surrounding sea. The character rolls a Perception check to determine if they find anything unusual or detect anything dangerous coming (See \"Random Events\").\n     Ship Repair: A character who is a shipwright or is proficient with carpenter's tools can roll a Strength check (with carpenter's tools proficiency if they have it) to attempt to patch any damage on the ship for the day. On a 15 or higher, one component of choice recovers 1d6 + the character's Strength modifier in hit points. If the component was at 0 hit points and isn't the hull, the component becomes functional again.\n     Making a Map: A character who is a navigator or is proficient with navigator's tools can spend the day making a detailed map of the area they've explored. If the crew returns to the area that has been drawn on the map again, they cannot become lost in it while sailing.\n     Helping the Kitchen: A character who is a chef or proficient with a chef's utensils can spend the day helping flavor and divide food in the kitchen to ensure nothing goes to waste. By doing so, the character increases the number of provisions available on the ship by 1d4.\n     Tending to Wounds: A character who is a doctor or is proficient with the Medicine skill can spend the day treating any injuries. One creature you treat for at least a minute recovers hit points equal to 1d8 + your Wisdom modifier.\n   Getting Lost: When sailing into uncharted seas, there is a high chance that unprepared crews will get lost, especially on the Grand Line. Outside the grand line, having a skilled navigator who is proficient with navigator's tools and possesses a compass will allow a ship to automatically succeed at traveling between islands, even in uncharted waters. Without all of these things, one player must attempt navigate the ship to the next island and roll a DC 12 Nature or Survival check at the start of each day to determine if the crew remains on course to the next island without getting lost. If the check fails, the crew becomes lost for the day and travel pace becomes 0 for that day. On the Grand Line, travel rules work differently. It is virtually impossible to sail on the Grand Line without a log pose of some kind, and losing a log pose during travel can often mean certain death. Normal compasses will not function on the grand line, and do not provide any form of bonus to travel. A skilled navigator who is proficient with navigator's tools and possesses a functioning log pose will automatically succeed at staying on track during each day of travel. If a log pose is lost or broken during travel, all sense of direction is lost and the navigator must roll a DC 20 Nature or Survival check at the start of each day to remain on track. If the check fails, the ship heads in a random direction other than the target location at their travel pace. Every time players get lost, roll on the possible events table to determine what happens while they're lost.",
	}, {
		name : "Traveling Events",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 16],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 11",
		note : [
			"Each day, there is a chance something new will happen while sailing. Some days, nothing will happen. Other days, the crew will find themselves faced with tornadoes, whirlpools, sea monsters, or other horrible hazards. Or something fun and adventurous might pop out in front of them. In any case, a pirate crew will quickly learn to be prepared for anything that comes their way, especially on the Grand Line. To determine if anything happens during a day at sea, at the start of each day, roll a 1d20. On a roll of 16 or higher, a random event occurs and is determined by rolling on the table below. While on the Grand Line, a random event occurs on a 11 or higher. On a 20, two random events occur instead (perhaps simultaneously). While outside the Grand Line, roll a 1d20 on the table below. While traveling in the Grand Line, roll a 1d100 on the table below. Events involving disaster or bad weather may utilize later sections (See \"Weather\" and \"Disasters\").",
			"d100    Event",
			"01      Battle. A sea beast attacks the ship.",
			"02      A lone bounty hunter begins stalking the ship from miles away.",
			"03      A school of bright fish swarm the ship. Roll for fishing check at advantage.",
			"04      Random wanted posters are blown onto the ship.",
			"05      A merchant ship passes by, offering the characters funny-looking food.",
			"06      A tiny island with a single palm tree on it can be seen.",
			"07      Phosphorescent algae floats in the water, becoming visible at night.",
			"08      A talking dolphin emerges and attempts to annoy the crew.",
			"09      An unmanned rowboat full of random trinkets bumps into the ship.",
			"10      Survivors from a boating accident are stranded on a small island ahead.",
			"11      Battle. A Marine ship barrels toward the players ship.",
			"12      A message in a bottle floats past the ship (spot DC 15).",
			"13      Battle. A group of fish-men pirates begin circling the ship.",
			"14      An island of floating trash and waste is seen floating ahead.",
			"15      Large sea lilies can be seen sprouting over the surface of the water.",
			"16      A hollow floating tree trunk carries green lobsters inside.",
			"17      Battle. A pirate ship attacks with its cannons from afar.",
			"18      Barrels full of cheap booze can be seen floating.",
			"19      Large seahorses with saddles appear, wanting players to ride them.",
			"20      A storm suddenly appears (See \"Weather\") and blows fish onto the ship.",
			"21      The ship drifts into the calm belt and must escape from sea kings.",
			"22      A colossal blowfish trampolines the ship into the sky (See \"Crashing\").",
			"23      Battle. A group of bounty hunters attack the ship.",
			"24      Layers of seaweed encompass the surrounding ocean surface for the day.",
			"25      A lone researcher on a small boat asks for directions.",
			"26      A floating village full of friendly citizens can be seen ahead.",
			"27      Colossal jellyfish begin to cling to the sides of the ship until pulled off.",
			"28      A navy ship with broken steering is stuck doing circles in the distance.",
			"29      Battle. A group of tribal warriors riding plesiosaurs attack the ship.",
			"30      A giant venus fly trap drifts ahead lifelessly, carrying a pop green.",
			"31      Flaming waterspouts that deal fire damage emerge (See \"Weather\").",
			"32      A fake poneglyph sits sunken in shallow water (Spot DC 14).",
			"33      Glaciers form and then melt quickly around the boat (See \"Crashing\").",
			"34      Multi-colored sea turtles spit sparkling water at the crew.",
			"35      A large ship carrying a map to a nearby sky island falls from the sky.",
			"36      Life rings carrying skeletons drift by.",
			"37      A pirate Warlord flies overhead, only attacking if provoked.",
			"38      Battle. A kraken and colossal whale begin fighting near the ship.",
			"39      An insane samurai rides a giant eagle overhead.",
			"40      Battle. Two pirate ships attempt to sandwich and board the players ship.",
			"41      Giant manta rays fly out of the sea and carry the ship at double pace for the day.",
			"42      A purple palm tree sticks out of shallow water. There is a 50% chance it holds a devil fruit.",
			"43      Battle. Coral reef golems board the ship and attack.",
			"44      The sea begins to boil, badly burning anyone who enters the water.",
			"45      A submarine carrying illegal weapons travels beneath the ship (spot DC 15).",
			"46      A knockup stream shoots the players ship onto a nearby sky island.",
			"47      A vacationing marine admiral sits in a shallow sandbar, with a 50% chance of attempting to spot the player's ship.",
			"48      Battle. Giant flying scorpions attempt to capture players.",
			"49      A killer whale carrying a meito in its mouth defends players from a sea king.",
			"50      A marine battleship is seen miles away, bombing an island.",
			"51      A floating magnetic island pulls the ship up to it.",
			"52      Impossibly thick fog surrounds the players ship. Roll for an additional event.",
			"53      Battle. Ships with poisoned arrows attack the players ship.",
			"54      Flying starfish hover over the ship and give directions.",
			"55      A marine prison boat is destroyed by an escaping giant prisoner.",
			"56      The ocean turns blood red and various bones float to the surface.",
			"57      A legendary creature can be seen far away, but disappears when approached.",
			"58      Muscular crab men offer to repair any damage on the players ship.",
			"59      Battle. A ship from a Yonko's crew attempts to raid and steal player treasure.",
			"60      An escaping refugee with devil fruit powers is seen drowning nearby.",
			"61      A huge rift opens in the sea temporarily, threatening to swallow nearby ships.",
			"62      A colossal goldfish consumes a small nearby island.",
			"63      Fallen sky islanders ride around in wavers filled with dials.",
			"64      Swarms of sea termites attack the boat, forming holes in the hull.",
			"65      Eastern-style umbrellas mysteriously fall from the sky onto the boat.",
			"66      A flying elephant and other zoo animals offer to take players on a journey.",
			"67      A volcano instantly rises out of the sea, erupting within minutes.",
			"68      A corporeal rainbow ahead forms a bridge to a cloud holding a pot of gold.",
			"69      Battle. A dragon turtle gives chase to players from far behind.",
			"70      Creepy dolls sit atop empty floating coffins that drift past.",
			"71      Sea bumble bees bring pollen from nearby to their underwater hives.",
			"72      An acidic hailstorm which deals acid damage pelts the players and their ship (See \"Weather\").",
			"73      The sea freezes over for the day, decreasing travel pace to 0.",
			"74      Battle. Giant crocodiles with top hats attempt to dine on players.",
			"75      Large mushrooms stick out of the water, providing platforms to bounce on.",
			"76      Merfolk request assistance fending off an undersea tyrant, grantingwaterbreathing to players temporarily.",
			"77      Large bubbles rise out of nearby water, emitting verbs when popped.",
			"78      A small island made of icecream appears, but is actually the lure of a giant anglerfish.",
			"79      Battle. Dozens of crawling claws rain onto the ship and attack.",
			"80      A vicious thunderstorm rampages for a full day, requiring three navigation checks to clear (See \"Weather\").",
			"81      Traveling priests bless players, preventing any bad weather from occurring around them for 1d4 days.",
			"82      Fish-men running a seafood stall offer extremely overpriced food to humans.",
			"83      Battle. An admiral and marine fleet give chase to players and attempt to surround them.",
			"84      A kind aquamarine dragon has lost its eggs to poachers, and requests help from the players.",
			"85      Light rain showers the players ship (See \"Weather\"), but fully heals all creatures and undestroyed structures it touches.",
			"86      Battle. Giant vultures drop cannonballs onto the players ship.",
			"87      A gas weapon explodes near the ship, spreading a deadly disease to players.",
			"88      A solar eclipse occurs, blinding players who look directly into it for 1d4 days.",
			"89      The players ship enters a field that has zero gravity, but doesn't affect travel pace.",
			"90      Battle. A yonko fleet attempts to surround players, demanding a large toll be paid.",
			"91      A powerful EMP hits the ship, disabling all electronics, compasses, and log poses for 1d4 days.",
			"92      A rainbow-colored barrel full of fake devil fruits is delivered to the players by rainbow penguins. There is a 10% chance one of the devil fruits is actually real.",
			"93      Titanic shadows can be seen from the sky, looking over the players ship.",
			"94      Visible schools of fish underwater form a map to a hidden island nearby.",
			"95      The ship crashes into a real poneglyph in shallow water (See \"Crashing\").",
			"96      Floating fortresses demand that players allow their goods to be inspected or face imprisonment.",
			"97      Friendly sirens encourage players, raising morale and giving inspiration.",
			"98      Battle. A nearby elbaf battleship threatens to attack all evil crews and ships on sight.",
			"99      A mist rises out of the sea for a minute, causing players to hallucinate.",
			"100     Battle. A number of sea kings chase the players ship.",
			"Alongside random event examples given here, you may add or replace any number of events with your own ideas. Planned events can also occur before, after, or during a random event to make travel more unpredictable. Keeping players on their toes with what to expect will make the adventure far more interesting, and may surprise even the DM."
		]
	}, {
		name : "Weather",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 17],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 12",
		note : "\nWeather is one of the biggest threats to each crew traveling into the grand line. Even outside the Grand Line, weather can still range from bothersome to lethal. Weather hazards may include thunderstorms, cyclones, blizzards, waterspouts, and more.\n   Generating Weather: Each day, there is a chance that the crew will experience various weather conditions throughout the day. Once per day, roll a number of d20s to determine what type of weather the crew experiences, with a weather event occurring on a roll of 15 or higher. While outside the Grand Line, roll once each day. While in \"Paradise\", roll three times each day, and four times if in the \"New World\". If it is determined one or more weather events will occur, roll on the \"Standard Weather Event\" table or \"Grand Line Weather Event\" table to determine the type of each event. Depending on how the DM decides to run each weather event throughout the day, these weather events can happen right before or after each other, at the same time, or during an encounter.\n   Detecting Weather: A navigator or captain may be able to forecast what type of weather event the crew will face before it arrives to effectively plan around it. They may roll a Nature or Survival check before the crew experiences the weather event. On a successful check, the crew becomes aware of the impending weather conditions and can reroute to avoid it. On a failed check, the weather event strikes the area unexpectedly. If a weather event has a duration of 4 hours or longer, it cannot be avoided but its duration is halved instead if the check succeeds.\n     Roll    Weather Event (Normal)\n     1-50    Easy Weather Event (Diffuclty DC 10)\n     51-80   Medium Weather Event (Diffuclty DC 10)\n     81-99   Hard Weather Event (Difficulty DC 12)\n     100     Extreme Weather Event (Difficulty DC 14)\n     Roll    Weather Event (Grand Line)\n     1-30    Easy Weather Event (Diffuclty DC 10)\n     31-50   Medium Weather Event (Diffuclty DC 10)\n     51-80   Hard Weather Event (Difficulty DC 12)\n     81-99   Extreme Weather Event (Difficulty DC 14)\n     100     Hellish Weather Event (Difficulty DC 15)\n   Weather Event Type: After rolling on a Weather Event table, the difficulty or category of weather is determined. Looking at the tables below, each category lists the types of individual weather events included in each category. The exact weather event can usually be determined by local climate or DM choice. If the players are on the Grand Line, the type of weather is determined randomly by rolling on the individual event tables to reflect the chaotic nature of the Grand Line.\n     Roll   Climate    Duration     Event (Easy)\n     1      Moderate   2d12 hours   Light Rain or Fog\n     2      Windy      2d12 hours   High Winds\n     3      Hot        2d12 hours   Heat Wave\n     4      Cold       2d12 hours   Freezing Cold\n     Roll   Climate    Duration     Event (Medium)\n     1      Moderate   1d12 hours   Heavy Rain\n     2      Windy      1d12 hours   Fast Winds\n     3      Hot        1d12 hours   Scorching Heat\n     4      Cold       1d12 hours   Snowfall\n     Roll   Climate           Duration    Event (Hard)\n     1      Hot or Moderate   1d4 hours   Thunderstorm\n     2      Windy             1d4 hours   Stormy Winds\n     3      Dry               Sandstorm\n     4      Cold              Blizzard\n     Roll   Climate           Duration    Event (Extreme)\n     1      Hot or Moderate   1d4 hours   Cyclone\n     2      Windy             1 hour      Waterspout\n     3      Dry and hot       1 hour     Scorching Sands\n     4      Cold              1 hour     Hailstorm\n     Roll   Climate    Duration    Event (Hellish)\n     1      Moderate   1d4 hours   Chaos Cyclone\n     2      Windy      1 hour      Waterspout Storm\n     3      Hot        1 hour      Firestorm\n     4      Cold       1 hour      Icewave\n     5      Any        1 hour      Meteor Shower\n     6      Any        None        Tsunami",
	}, {
		name : "List of Weather Events",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 18],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 13",
		note : "\n   Light Rain or Fog: Light rain or fog lowers visibility.\n     Areas past 120 ft. of vision become lightly obscured.\n     All fire damage is reduced by 1 point for the duration.\n   High Winds: Winds blow moderately in a random direction for the duration, roll a 1d4 to determine (1 - North, 2 - East, 3 - South, 4 - West).\n     Speeds of flying creatures and ships with sails gain +5 movement speed while moving with the wind and -5 movement speed while moving against it.\n   Heat Wave: The temperature becomes noticeably high for the duration.\n     A creature that isn't in shade or water takes 1 fire damage each hour.\n     Any exposed water on the ship that is medium or smaller in size evaporates within an hour.\n   Freezing Cold: The temperature becomes noticeably low for the duration.\n     A creature that isn't kept warm takes 1 cold damage each hour.\n     Any exposed water on the ship that is medium or smaller in size freezes within an hour.\n   Heavy Rain: Heavy rain lowers visibility significantly and makes movement on board difficult.\n     Areas past 60 ft. of vision become heavily obscured.\n     Creatures that move more than 10 ft on a turn must roll a Dexterity saving throw when traveling across wet surfaces or fall prone.\n     All fire damage is reduced by 1d4 points for the duration.\n   Fast Winds: Winds blow moderately in a random direction for the duration, roll a 1d4 to determine (1 - North, 2 - East, 3 - South, 4 - West).\n      Speeds of flying creatures and ships with sails gain +10 movement speed while moving with the wind and -10 movement speed while moving against it.\n   Scorching Heat: The temperature becomes extremely high for the duration.\n     A creature that isn't in shade or wearing protective clothing takes 1d4 fire damage each hour.\n     Any exposed water on the ship that is Large or smaller in size evaporates within an hour.\n   Snowfall: The temperature becomes extremely low for the duration and snow begins to fall.\n     A creature that isn't kept warm or touches snow with its bare skin takes 1d4 cold damage each hour.\n     Any exposed water on the ship that is Large or smaller in size freezes within an hour.\n   Thunderstorm: Heavy rain lowers visibility significantly and makes movement on board difficult, also increasing risk of lightning strikes.\n     Areas past 60 ft. of vision become heavily obscured and the sound of thunder overpowers any distant noises.\n     Creatures that move more than 10 ft. on a turn must roll a Dexterity saving throw when traveling across wet surfaces or fall prone.\n     Roll a 1d20, on a 1 the highest creature not under full cover is struck by lightning and it must make a Constitution saving throw, at disadvantage if wearing metal. The target takes 8d6 lightning damage on a failed save, and half as much on a successful save.\n   Stormy Winds: Winds blow moderately in a random direction for the duration, roll a 1d4 to determine (1 - North, 2 - East, 3 - South, 4 - West). Wind direction changes every hour.\n     Speeds of flying creatures and ships with sails gain +15 movement speed while moving with the wind and -15 movement speed while moving against it.\n     All projectile attacks that travel beyond 30 feet have disadvantage.\n     Any lit candles or flames are immediately blown out.\n   Sandstorm: Fast winds carry clouds of sand that pelt creatures caught within.\n     Areas past 60 ft. of vision become heavily obscured and the sound of shifting sand and wind overpowers any distant noises.\n     A creature that isn't behind total cover takes 2d4 piercing damage each hour.\n   Blizzard: Fast winds carry fast-moving snow that pelts creatures caught within.\n     Areas past 60 ft. of vision become heavily obscured and the sound of snow and wind overpowers any distant noises.\n     A creature that isn't behind total cover takes 2d4 cold damage each hour.\n   Cyclone: Cyclones are large weather systems of thunderstorms and rain, bringing extreme winds and rain.\n     Areas past 30 ft. of vision become heavily obscured and the sound of wind is deafening.\n     Creatures that aren't behind total cover each turn must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be knocked prone and 10 feet in a random direction.\n     Creatures cannot fly for the duration and are knocked prone if they try.\n     All projectile attacks are made at disadvantage.\n     Each hour a ship remains in the cyclone it must make a Strength saving throw or each of its sails take 3d10 bludgeoning damage.\n   Waterspout: A waterspout is a tornado that forms over water. It acts as a vortex of violent winds and water, picking up objects and throwing them.\n     The waterspout appears in a random location 10d6 x 10 feet away from players. Every 10 minutes roll a 1d20, and on a 1 the waterspout disappears and a new one reappears 10d6 x 10 feet away from players.\n     The waterspout has a 150-foot radius and reaches up to the clouds, having an initiative count of 20 and moving 60 feet in a random direction each turn. When it is more than 600 feet away from players, initiative ends.\n     When creature or ship enters a waterspout on its turn or when a waterspout enters its space, it must make a Strength saving throw. A large or smaller object automatically fails. On a failed save, the target takes 8d6 bludgeoning damage plus 2d6 cold damage and becomes restrained within the waterspout and must repeat the save at the start of each turn. On a successful save, the target is no longer restrained and is launched 10d6 x 10 feet away from the waterspout in a random direction instead.\n   Scorching Sands: Razor sharp winds carry blazing sands, shredding and burning exposed creatures andweak materials.\n     Areas past 30 ft. of vision become heavily obscured and the sound of shifting sand and wind overpowers any distant noises.\n     A creature that isn't behind total cover at the end of each turn must make a Constitution saving throw or take 1d4 fire damage.\n     Weaker material (Such as unfurled sails or hanging clothing) take 3d10 piercing damage for every hour it is exposed.\n   Hailstorm: Razor sharp winds carry sharp hail shards, shredding and freezing exposed creatures andweak materials.\n     Areas past 30 ft. of vision become heavily obscured and the sound of ice pelting and wind overpowers any distant noises.\n     A creature that isn't behind total cover at the end of each turn must make a Constitution saving throw or take 1d4 cold damage.\n     Weaker material (Such as unfurled sails or hanging clothing) take 3d10 piercing damage for every hour it is exposed.\n   Chaos Cyclone: Chaos cyclones are brutal weather systems that blast the area with wind, rain, and constant lightning and thunder, using the same rules as both cyclones and thunderstorms except:\n     Lightning strikes on a roll of 5 or lower from a d20 every hour instead.\n     Characters knocked over are moved 15 feet instead.\n   Waterspout Storm: Waterspout storms are when several waterspouts form at once in a thunderstorm. Thesefollow the same rules as waterspouts and thunderstorms except:\n     1d4 Waterspouts form instead of one.\n     Waterspouts move at 90 feet per turn instead.\n   Firestorm: The sea and sky burn bright red, exposed water begins to boil, and flammable objects beginto ignite unexpectedly.\n     A creature that isn't behind total cover at the end of each turn must make a Constitution saving throw or take 1d10 fire damage.\n     Flammable objects catch fire and take 1d4 fire damage every 10 minutes unless they are doused in water or put out as an action.\n   Icewave: The sea and sky become dark as even the sun appears to dim, with a wave of subzero frigidair following after.\n     A creature that isn't behind total cover at the end of each turn must make a Constitution saving throw or take 1d10 cold damage.\n     All water is completely frozen, including 5 feet of the ocean's surface, for the duration. Creatures completely submerged in water are completely frozen, becoming petrified by ice.\n   Meteor Shower: Small meteors mysteriously rain from the sky, striking the ocean at random.\n     The rough waves caused by constant meteor strikes force each standing creature to make a Dexterity saving throws, making it fall prone on a failed save.\n     Every 10 minutes for the duration of the meteor shower, roll a 1d20. On a 1, the ship or a random creature is hit by a meteor. All creatures and objects within 5 feet of the strike zone must make a Dexterity saving throw. A creature or object takes 2d6 fire damage from the blast on a failed save, half as much damage on a successful one.\n   Tsunami: A colossal wall of sea water forms in the distance, engulfing and destroying everything in its path.\n     The tsunami creates a wall of water that is 300 feet long, 300 feet high, and 50 feet thick and forms 3d6 x 10 feet away from the ship or players, lasting for 10 minutes before collapsing.\n     The wall moves 50 feet per turn toward players, initiative count 20.\n     Any huge or smaller creature starting its turn inside the wall or whose space the wall enters when it moves must succeed on a Strength saving throw or take 5d10 bludgeoning damage and is knocked prone.\n     Each 5-foot section of the wall can be attacked and has AC 5 and 15 hit points, creating a 5-foot opening connecting to the opposite side of the wall.\n     Any ship attempting to move through the wall or pass through it must make a Strength check to do so, taking crash damage on a failure (See \"Crashing\") as the wall moves through it.",
	}, {
		name : "Disasters",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 19],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 14",
		note : "\nWeather aside, a number of other natural disasters may occur. The chances of a disaster affecting the ship is far more dependent on the local environment and circumstances rather than randomness. For example, a ship full of diseased pirates may spread a plague to the crew after a long battle. Or a nearby volcano eruption may carry flaming debris to the ship and cause it to catch fire. Disasters also may occur as a result of a random event, long periods of bad weather, or too many failed crew rolls. However, the most common reason for a disaster is entering a danger zone on the Grand Line.\n   Danger Zones: The Grand Line holds many dangerous zones within its waters, which have a chance of bringing about ruin to any ship passing through. Zones of potential risk are usually marked on sea maps and can be avoided. Otherwise, an unaware crew must spend at least a day within a danger zone to understand the nature and risk of the region. While passing through a danger zone, the navigator or captain must roll an Intelligence check with navigator's tools (DC 15) at the end of each day to determine the range and size of the danger zone, so that the crew might follow a path around the region. On a successful check, the navigator or captain may mark the zone on their map, or as much as the DM determines they're aware of. On a failed check, the range and area of the zone cannot be determined, and may make the check again at the end of the next day. If a crew is caught within the danger zone at the start of a day or enters a danger zone for the first time, the whole crew must each make skill checks or saving throws to determine how seriously the disaster affects them. The type of skill check or save and its DC is determined by each disaster type. If half or more the crew succeed, the disaster is avoided altogether. If less than half succeed, the disaster strikes, bringing destruction to the ship and crew.\n     Fire (DC 12 Dexterity Check): The hull or a random component on the ship catches fire as a result of nearby volcanic activity, ash, or extreme heat, immediately taking 3d10 fire damage. Have everyone roll initiative, including the ship. At the start of each of the ship's turn, it takes an additional 3d10 fire damage if the fire isn't put out. For the crew to put out the fire, more than half of the crew must succeed on their Dexterity checks at the beginning of their turn to smother or drown the fire. Additionally the captain or helmsman can instead make a successful DC 15 Intellgience (water vehicles) check at the start of their turn instead to splash sea water onto the ship, giving advantage to the whole crew on their checks. Then, if the majority of the crew has succeeded by the beginning of the ship's turn, the fire is put out.\n     Explosion (DC 15 Perception Check): A spotter has advantage on this check. An explosion from beneath the ship fires flaming debris all over, originating either from a natural disaster or an explosive such as a naval mine. The hull of the ship takes 8d6 fire damage. Any creature not behind total cover must also roll a Dexterity saving throw (DC 15) or take 8d6 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.\n     Fog Maze (DC 15 Intelligence or Wisdom Check): A crew becomes lost in a thick fog, with various maze-like obstacles and large rocks making it impossible to blindly follow a compass or log pose. The area becomes lightly obscured, and it is not possible to see past 60 feet in the fog with normal vision. At the start of each day, the crew can attempt to figure out the maze together, rolling an additional group check. Each time the check fails, the travel pace becomes 0 for the day. If the check succeeds, travel pace is halved. If the ship moves at full speed during an encounter, a successful Wisdom check, DC 15, must be made by the creature steering the ship or it will crash into a gargantuan wall (See \"Crashing\").\n     Plague (DC 12 Intelligence or Wisdom Check): A crew is exposed to a diseased animal, a sick group of people, or some form of bioweapon, causing a plague to break out. Each creature in the crew must succeed on a DC 12 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature becomes contagious and falls ill from the sickness after 1d4 days. A doctor can spot signs of the disease early by making a successful Medicine check, DC 15, to order safety procedures and provide medication to give the entire crew advantage on this save. Once a creature falls ill, it will gain a level of exhaustion, and it regains only half the normal number of Hit Points from spending Hit Dice and no HitPoints from finishing a Long Rest. At the end of each Long Rest, an infected creature must make a DC 12 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the character gains one level of exhaustion. On a successful save, the character's exhaustion level decreases by one level. If a successful saving throw reduces the infected creature's level of exhaustion below 1, the creature recovers from the disease. A doctor can treat a number of patients up to their Wisdom modifier each day, granting them advantage on their saving throw.\n       Optional: Different diseases may be more far more extreme or lethal in nature. This may raise the DC of the disease, make creatures develop symptoms sooner, or cause it to have additional symptoms.\n    Sudden Obstacle (DC 12 Dexterity Check): A sudden obstacle above or below the water, such as a glacier, giant squid, or sharp rocks threatens the ship and cannot be avoided through steering alone. The captain or helmsman can instead make a DC 15 Intelligence (Water Vehicles) check to also give the crew advantage on their check. If the check fails, the ship crashes and the hull takes 10d10 bludgeoning damage.\n     Infestation (DC 12 Intelligence or Wisdom Check): Pests such as insects or rats begin to contaminate food supplies. Once the infestation has begun, the chef can make a DC 15 Constitution (Brewer's Supplies) check to control the infestation. If the check succeeds, only half of the stored rations are lost. If the check fails, all the stored rations are lost aside from what characters keep on their person.",
	}, {
		name : "Naval Combat",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 19],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 15",
		note : "\nThese rules provide guidance for using ships in combat.\n   Ships and Initiative: A ship uses its Dexterity modifier to roll initiative, adding the captain, first mate, or helmsman's proficiency bonus to the roll (depending on who is driving the ship). At the start of the ship's turn, the creature driving the ship decides what the ship does during its turn.\n   Officer Actions: Player characters can use their actions to take special officer actions for the ship. Here are example actions officers make use:\n     Aim and Fire: As an action, a officer can better focus the aim one of the ship's weapons. The chosen weapon gains advantage on the next attack roll made until the end of the ship's next turn.\n     Brace: As an action, an officer can prepare the crew to brace the ship for any incoming attack or projectiles. Until the start of the officer's next turn, the ship's hull gains +2 AC against outside projectiles being fired at it. This action can only be taken once per round by one member of the crew, and the bonus does not stack.\n     Full Speed Ahead: As an action, an officer can unfurl the sails and command the crew to work harder. Roll a 1d6 and multiply the result by 5. Apply the total as a bonus to the ship's speed until the end of the ship's next turn. If this bonus is applied to a ship's speed when the ship is already moving faster than normal, use the higher result instead. Don't add the two bonuses together.\n   Optional Rules: Below are several rules designed to spice up naval combat in your campaign. Should ship-based combat begin to feel monotonous or lackluster, you're encouraged to integrate any of these rules to rekindle excitement.\n     Unified Crew Initiative: Instead of rolling initiative individually for each creature and separately for each ship's crew, consider using a singular initiative roll for the entire crew and their ship. You can use the ship's initiative for this roll, or the Captain or Helmsman's initiative. This permits both the ship and its crew to operate in tandem. This rule is particularly effective for grand naval clashes, enabling crews to coordinate their actions more efficiently. It's strongly advised to employ this rule in large-scale naval combat, especially if naval warfare feels overly drawn out or cumbersome with a large number of creature combatants.\n     Creture Cannon Propulsion: For melee characters feeling sidelined in prolonged, ranged naval conflicts, this rule offers another tool for more dynamic combat. When a ship is equipped with cannons, they can also launch living creatures. If opting to launch a creature rather than a cannonball, the designated cannon forfeits its attack for that turn. To be propelled, a creature uses 15 feet of its movement to enter the cannon. The cannon's size dictates the maximum creature size it can accommodate: a Carronade holds Small or tinier creatures, a Regular Cannon can contain Medium or smaller creatures, and a Large Cannon holds up to Large creatures. Upon ignition, the creature is thrust in a direction of their choosing, up to the cannon's normal range. Upon landing, an Athletics or Acrobatics check (DC 10) determines the success of the landing. On a failure, the landingcreature takes 3d6 bludgeoning damage and gets knocked prone, while a success ensures a safe landing, with the creautre landing on its feet. If a propelled creature collides with a solid vertical obstruction, they must make a Constitution Saving Throw (DC 8 + one per 10 feet traveled). A failed save inflicts 1d6 bludgeoning damage for every 10 feet travelled, up to a maximum of 20d6, while a successful results in half that amount of damage. Once a cannon is fired this way, it cannot be used again until the following round.\n     Rope Acrobatics: For heightened drama during close-quarters ship skirmishes, introduce the thrilling prospect of rope swinging. Successfully swinging requires an Athletics or Acrobatics check (DC 10). With a successful roll, a creature can swing a distance equal to twice its Strength or Dexterity score (select one), in any direction. If they're still aloft post-swing and above a ship's deck and below its upper masts, they can clutch another rope as a free action, letting them hang mid-air until their next turn or use their movement to ascend or descend normally. Creatures can still take actions and attack normally while holding onto a rope this way. A creature can also make a melee attack mid-swing if another hostile creature is within its range during the swing. On a hit, the attack gains a bonus +1d4 to its damage roll. A creautre can only make a swinging attack this way once per turn.\n     Naval Warcasting: Casting using spells or magical powers has always been an integral force in shaping the tides of battle, and its presence can be felt even stronger when utilized in naval combat. Spellcasters aboard ships have the unique opportunity to bend the raw power of their magic in conjunction with the brute force of maritime warfare. By using a spell on a ship's cannons or components, a spellcaster can choose one of the following effects based on the spell and affected component:\n       Spell-Infused Cannons: Spellcasters, especially those with evocation or enchantment tendencies, can meld their power with artillery. Before a cannon or weapon component is fired, a spellcaster can channel a stored spell into the cannonball as an action, so long asthe spell's casting time is 1 action. When this enchanted cannonball impacts its target, the stored spell is released at the point of impact. For example, a cannonball infused with the hold person spell might paralyze a hit crew member upon detonation. A cannonball infused with the fireball spell can release the spell's effect centered at its point of impact. The spellcaster must expend a spell slot when infusing the cannonball as an action, and the released spell affects an area equivalent to its normal range or a 10-foot radius, whichever is smaller.\n       Protective Barriers: Abjuration magic can offer valuable protection to a vessel and its crew. Tinkerers and other spellcasters can extend spells like shield or protective ward to envelop parts of their ship, so long as they are standing on the ship and are within 5 feet of the component they are trying to protect. This mystical barrier can deflect projectiles or mitigate the impact of spells aimed at the ship. The larger the area covered, the higher the spell slot required. Covering a Medium-sized component (such as a cannon) with a spell requires a 1st-level spell slot or higher, covering a Large component (such as the Helm) requires a 2nd-level spell slot or higher, covering a Huge Component (such as the Sails) requires a 3rd-level spell slot or higher, and covering a Gargantuan component (such as the Hull) requires a 4th-level spell slot or higher. The protection lasts for the duration of the spell.\n       Wind Magic: Channeling air-based magic (such as from a gust of wind spell) into the sails can allow the ship to maneuver with unmatched grace. For the duration, the ship can turn on a dime, gains 15 feet of movement during its turn, and gains advantage on checks related to ship maneuverability. Alternatively, using this on an enemy ship offensively will allow you to slow its speed and reduce its maneuvarability. If you do so against its sails, for the duration, the ship can't turn, it loses 15 feet of movement during its turn, and has disadvantage on checks related to ship maneuverability.",
	}, {
		name : "Crashing/Docking a Ship/Ship Salvaging/Mapping",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 21],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 16",
		note : "\n   Crashing: If a ship collides the space of another creature or object, it might crash. A ship does not crash if the creature or object is at least two sizes smaller than it. When a ship crashes, it must immediately make a DC 10 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, it takes damage to the hull based on the size of the creature of object it crashed into, as shown on the Crash Damage table. It also stops moving if the object or creature is bigger than it or one size smaller. Otherwise the ship continues moving and the creature or object moves to the nearest unoccupied space that is not in the ship's path. At the DM's discretion, an object that is forced to move but is fixed in place is instead destroyed.\n     Size         Bludgeoning Damage\n     Small        1d6\n     Medium       1d10\n     Large        4d10\n     Huge         8d10\n     Gargantuan   16d10\n   A creature struck must make a Dexterity saving throw with a DC equal to 10 + the ship's Strength modifier, taking damage based on the ship's size (as shown on the Crash Damage table) on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.\n   Docking a Ship: When docking a ship at an island, having a crew and lookout to maintain and guard it can ensure its safety while exploring new locations. Alternatively, leaving a ship guarded at a harbor will usually keep it safe from thieves or disasters, but may cost an additional fee.\n     Shipbuilding and Upgrades: A shipwright or local shipbuilders can spend time constructing or upgrading a boat at a dock or harbor, so long as local supplies are available. More information is provided earlier in the section under \"Building a Ship\" and \"Ship Upgrades\".\n     Repairs: While a ship is left at a dock or harbor, its damaged component or hull can easily be repaired by local shipwrights for a fee. Alternatively, the crew's shipwright or any number of characters proficient with carpenter's tools can spend downtime repairing the ship. At the end of each day, each character actively repairing the ship's component regains 1d6 + the character's Strength modifier in hit points. If the chosen component was at 0 hit points and isn't the hull, the component becomes functional again.\n     Hiring: While docked, a captain may consider hiring additional crew members for future voyages or to aid in building and repair at the docks or harbor. Prices for hirelings are listed under \"Hirelings\" in a previous section. The price for hiring lackeys to aid in ship repair or building is ฿2,000 per day.\n   Ship Salvaging: When a players ship is destroyed or when a sunken ship is found, a crew may attempt to salvage any broken components to sell or reuse. A character with proficiency in carpenter's tools can attempt to salvage component other than a hull that has an undetermined amount of hit points. To do so, they must succeed on a DC 15 Strength check (Carpenter's Tools) to recover as much as they can from the component in the wreckage. On a successful check, the component has 1d10 hit points remaining. Otherwise, the component is broken. Selling a component requires repairing or refurbishing it beforehand. Parts sold are only worth 25% of their base value to shipyards. If a component is damaged, an additional percentage is subtracted from its sell value for every hit point the component is missing.\n   Mapping: Keeping a DM map of the ocean and islands throughout the world, as well as various zones, key locations, and tracking where other crews are will help keep track of travel and properly measure distance between islands and locations.\n     Finding a Map: Completed maps may be found all throughout the adventure that detail specific sections of the world and sea. These maps can be handed out as quest rewards, treasure, or may be available for purchase in some locations. However, finding a detailed world map is practically impossible, as much of the Grand Line is unexplored and too dangerous for most map makers to draw. Other than maps of chunks of the sea and nearby islands, ordinary maps aren't easy to find, especially on the Grand Line. To figure out which way to venture, most pirates may attempt to create their own maps during their journey and piece together the surrounding regions as they travel.\n     Drawing a Map: A skilled captain or navigator may attempt to create a map during their journey. To do so, navigator's tools are required. A well-made map details each island, regions of the sea, continents, and danger zones in each area it maps. Players may draw a map themselves when given details of the world, or alternatively the DM may give handouts of each portion of the world map the players explore to help them understand where they are.",
	}, {
		name : "Bounties",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 54],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 17",
		note : "\nIf you're a Dungeon Master aiming to include a method of power-scaling or including greater reward for players overtaking enemy pirate crews, introducing a well-crafted bounty system can be a game-changer. This Bounty System offers a robust framework for calculating the bounties of nefarious pirate captains and their infamously skilled crews.\n   Calculating Player Bounties: Sure, it might be easy to scrawl out an arbitrary number on a wanted poster, but what's the fun in a random bounty? With this carefully calibrated system, you'll be setting the bar for pirate prestige and notoriety! Remember, in this world, 1 gp is equal to ฿10,000, ensuring that reputations will be built and lost in a grand scale. Grab your quill and parchment; it's time to quantify just how notorious your player-pirates truly are.\n     Category                           Beli Value\n     Player's Level                     Player Level² (squared) x ฿1,000,000\n     Number of Crewmates                Crew Mates x ฿1,000,000\n     Devil Fruit Powers         Devil Fruit Rarity Level over Common x ฿10,000,000\n     Haki Powers                        Highest Haki Advancement Rarity Level over Common x ฿10,000,000\n     Minor Acts of Infamy               Each Notable Deed x ฿10,000,000\n     Major Acts of Infamy               Each Notable Deed x ฿100,000,000\n     Ship Power                         Ship's Constitution Score x ฿1,000,000\n     Fleet Size                         Number of Additional Ships Under Fleet x ฿10,000,000\n     Treasure Plundered                 Total Belly(฿) Value of Treasure and Goods Stolen x 2\n     Civilians Captured or Killed       Number of Civilians x ฿100,000\n     Cities Razed                       Number of Cities Destroyed or Raided x ฿10,000,000\n     Navy Ships Attacked or Destroyed   Number of Navy Ships x ฿10,000,000\n     World Nobles Attacked or Killed    Number of World Nobles x ฿100,000,000\n   Note: You can use the total for the maximum sum of your crews' bounty values, or putmost of this value on the captan's bounty. Feel free to tweak these numbers to suit theeconomic balance of your game. These are just guidelines, after all!\n   Calculating Enemy Bounties: Just as we scaled player bounties by character level and deeds, enemy pirate bounties should reflect their danger and the treasures they guard. With a foundation in Challenge Rating (CR), this framework ensures your players always have an enticing challenge that promises suitable rewards. Only use this table if the captain's CR is 1 or higher, and has the highest CR out of the entire crew.\n     Category                             Beli Value\n     Captain's CR                         CR² (squared) x ฿1,000,000\n     Number of Crewmates                  Crew Mates x ฿100,000\n     Devil Fruit Powers                   Increase bounty total by 1.5x\n     Uses Haki?                           Increase bounty total by 1.5x\n     Uses Legendary Actions/Resistance?   Increase bounty total by 1.5x\n     Controls Large Island Territory      Increase bounty total by 1.5x\n     Ship Power                           Ship's Constitution Score x ฿1,000,000\n     Fleet Size                          Number of Additional Ships Under Fleet x ฿10,000,000\n   Note: Ideally, you will distribute the total crew bounty amongst enemy crew members, and giving the captain of the enemy crew the highest bounty value. Once again, feel free to tweak these numbers to suit the economic balance of your game. These are just guidelines, after all!",
	}, {
		name : "Pirate Prestige",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 102],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 18",
		note : "\nIn order to understand how crew roles work, it is important to understand a new system of reward points being introducing called \"Pirate Prestige\". This is intended to reward players for playing their roles to the best of their ability, while also promoting proper teamwork. A crew that works together will succeed, and this system is designed to make that process feel very fulfilling. While you can use Inspiration Dice in favor of this system if you don't like it, it is another easy way to balance crew roles by rewarding points to players, which can be used for strengthening their role's abilities and different roleplay elements. The way this works is fairly simple. Whenever players overcome a difficult challenge, like winning a fight against a mighty enemy pirate, battling a deadly storm on the seas, or simply saving a town from danger, everyone who did well in that situation will gain a point of pirate prestige. However, characters that were absent, didn't want to help the group, or simply complained and caused issues for others shouldn't receive any points. Fighting pointless battles, intentionally running into dangerous situations which have no reward, or simply trying to farm these points will not net the crew any points. At higher levels, you can also choose to elect an MVP character during an event. Players may decide someone in the crew went above and beyond in overcoming a challenge, and give them a large surge of pirate prestige points at the end of the encounter. An MVP may roll a 1d4 at the end of such an event, and gain a number of pirate prestige points equal to the number rolled. A character can have a maximum number of Pirate Prestige points equal to half their character level, rounded up.\n   Methods of Spending Pirate Prestige: While pirate prestige should be primarily used to benefit the crew as a whole and should heavily reward teamwork, it can also be spent in a few other ways. Stockpiling these points can be rewarding and beneficial to overcoming future challenges. Other uses for pirate prestige is described under \"Crew Roles\" up next, but these points can be used for anything that the DM deems to be fun or appropriate for roleplay, investigating, or exploration, such as the following abilities:\n     Locate Quests: When exploring a populated town, city, or village, a character may expend 1 pirate prestige point to locate a random NPC or troubled creature that will provide them with a task to complete (up to the DM to decide the difficulty and reward), without needing to make any skill checks. To use this ability again, a character must complete a long rest.\n     Find Minor Clue: If a group is stuck on a mission or quest that they need to complete, a character may expend 1 pirate prestige point to ask the DM for a minor hint or clue that may lead them on the right track. This can only be used once per character during any single mission or quest.\n     Gain Reuputation: If a group wants to gain recognition or respect in a single kingdom, village, or town, or simply undo their negative reputation, characters may spend 24 hours and 1 pirate prestige point to spread rumors and tales of their deeds and gain 1 point of reputation in that location. A character can only use this ability this way once per location, and a crew can only spend a total of 5 pirate prestige points altogether to gain reputation in a location. A crew can not use this ability when they only have 1 reputation point in that location.",
	}, {
		name : "Crew Roles",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 103],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 18",
		note : "\nYour crew role is an additional feature that can be used alongside your character's background and class. It essentially gives you the ability to specialize in a field or duty and succeed where others may fail. While it may not provide a wide variety of bonuses and stats, it will be crucial to developing a stable crew and allocating jobs on a functioning ship. Your role should be something you enjoy doing when playing as your character. For example, if you are a cyborg tinkerer, you may take pride in being the crew's shipwright. This may also tie into your character's ideals and background. Deciding your role can depend on your class and background, but can ultimately be anything that would fit your character's interests. Work with other players to decide what would make for a balanced team, and try to give everyone a unique position and function. Without proper coordination and cohesion, as well as leadership, a ship and its crew could easily fall apart. While your role may not provide any proficiencies, equipment, or languages, it will provide features that will make you a very useful and unique addition to your crew. Crew role can be decided at any point early in the campaign or during character introductions. But it should make sense and align with everyone character's strengths and abilities.\n   Allocating or Swapping Roles: While a crew role can be decided at any point when designing or playing your character early on, it may prove difficult to suddenly change roles on a whim. While you can officially swap to a different role and perform its basic functions, you cannot have the pirate prestige abilities of a new role until you actively work and study that role for at least 3d6 x 10 days to adjust to it. Until then, can only perform basic tasks for that role and use the regular features.",
	}, {
		name : "Spiritual Advancement",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 169],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 19",
		note : "\nWhole crews or individual characters may occasionally find themselves coming out of dangerous encounters just barely alive and declaring victory. In this situation, simple treasure or XP may not be enough to reward their bravery and luck. As an additional way to reflect such intense character growth, and with the DM's approval, players may be granted a special advancement to their abilities as a gift. When a victory warrants such a reward, it is considered a \"Spirit Surge Event\". Defeating especially tough bosses, powerful organizations, or overcoming other dangerous encounters might automatically trigger a Spirit Surge Event. Depending on how each player wishes to develop their character, the player may choose between unlocking a Haki or Devil Fruit advancement feature. The rarity of the Spirit Surge Event depends on the level of the challenge each character faced, and it will determine the rarity of the advancement feature unlocked. For example, receiving a Rare Spirit Surge will allow you to unlock a Rare or lower Haki Advancement feat. Use the Spirit Surge Event table below to determine the maximum rarity category of the advancement feature a character is permitted to pick. Keep in mind, you do not always have to use Challenge Rating (CR) to determine the rarity of the Spirit Surge Event. Spirit Surges can also be handed out to all players as a gift from the DM as an alternative to magic items or other special loot.\n   Rarity      CR      Example\n   Uncommon    1-4     Defeating a Manticore in its lair.\n   Rare      5-10    Taking down a famous Grand Line pirate crew and their captain.\n   Very Rare   11-17   Surviving and nearly slaying an infamous Sea King.\n   Legendary   18+     Defeating a Warlord of the sea.",
	}, {
		name : "Training Surges and Tutors",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 170],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 20",
		note : "\nWhile the thrill of adventure and the heat of battle cancertainly shape a character, more deliberate forms of learning have their place in the journey of character growth. Training provides a way for characters to continue to grow their Haki and Devil Fruit techniques during downtime, but for a price.\n   Training Surges: A Training Surge represents a concentrated period of guided training and practice. These periods can occur during downtime, between quests, or during long sea voyages. They allow characters to focus on honing their abilities, exploring the extent of their powers, or developing new strategies for battle. To initiate a Training Surg, an alternate method to activating Spirit Surges, a set of prerequisites must first be met. Primarily, a tutor is necessary to begin the process. Locating a qualified tutor can be a challenging task, and the level of Spirit Surge they can impart through training will vary based on their expertise. Although a tutor can instruct multiple students simultaneously, they will charge an individual fee for each trainee. Some tutors may work for free if characters are in their good graces. Once a tutor has been identified and compensated, the trainee must devote a substantial and consistent period to the training, as specified in the \"Training Fees and Time\" table provided below.\n     Spirit Surge Rarity   Training Time   Training Fee\n     Uncommon              1 week          ฿5,000,000\n     Rare                  3 months        ฿50,000,000\n     Very Rare             6 months        ฿500,000,000\n     Legendary             1 year          ฿5,000,000,000\n   During the training period, a character is considered to be in downtime and cannot participate in other activities, adventures, or battles. They are fully committed to the training and the development of their powers. However, the ywill be rewarded with enhanced abilities and a deeper understanding of their Haki or Devil Fruit powers at the end of the process. Once the total training time has gone by without any issues, any creature participating in the training will receive a spirit surge according to the type of training they chose using the table above.\n   Optional Rule: Solo Training: The DM can alternatively allow a character to train without the guidance of a tutor or mentor. If so, use the table below to calculate training time and cost. The cost represents expenses needed for resources and equipment while training.\n     Spirit Surge Rarity   Training Time   Training Fee\n     Uncommon              2 weeks         ฿2,500,000\n     Rare                  6 months        ฿25,000,000\n     Very Rare             1 year          ฿250,000,000\n     Legendary             2 years         ฿2,500,000,000",
	}, {
		name : "Haki",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 171],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 21",
		note : "\nIn the world of One Piece, Haki is a type of spiritual energy that exists in every living creature. Channeling this energy through one's body allows one to achieve a greater tier of power. Haki can exponentially improve a creature's abilities in a variety of ways. It can amplify one's own body, weapons, and ammunition. It can also heighten a creature's senses or even allow for it to develop a \"sixth sense\". Creatures born with \"Qualities of a King\" through sheer luck, however, may instead awaken an incredibly rare form of haki known as \"Haoshoku Haki\" or \"King's Haki\". Though the chances of a creature being born with King's Haki is around one in a million. Each color of Haki can be learned and improved through training and combat experience. Each type of Haki is categorized as a separate \"Color\" of Haki. These categories of Haki can be developed instead of Devil Fruit powers through Spirit Surge Events, or might be advanced through other character creation options. There are three known Colors of Haki, as listed below:\n   Color of Armament (or Busoshoku Haki): A creature that develops this type of Haki is able to use its spirit as a weapon or suit of armor it can form around its body and weapons. Weapons and attacks coated with this spiritual energy are able affect Devil Fruit users in ways they normally couldn't, such as being able to damage Logia users through their immunity to physical attacks. This normally invisible or transparent energy can also harden on a creature's body or weapons to become a much darker metallic coating which further amplifies its offensive or defensive abilities. Alternatively, it can be channeled through attacks to emit bursts of spiritual energy and destroy objects or creatures from the inside. Creatures that master this Haki become nearly unstoppable juggernauts that deal devastating damage.\n   Color of Observation (or Kenbunshoku Haki): A creature that develops this type of haki is able to greatly increase its own senses. Creatures using this Haki can detect the auras, presence, strength, and emotions of other creatures around them. When developed over time, creatures can even develop a powerful sixth sense that will allow them to see even when blinded or deafened. Furthermore, at its highest level, this Haki allows creatures to see into the future to avoid danger. Creatures that master this form of Haki will become nearly impossible to evade or hit with ordinary attacks.\n   Color of the Supreme King (or Haoshoku Haki): A creature that develops this type of Haki is able to use their powerful spirit to force others into submission. Users of this Haki are able to easily dominate creatures with weaker willpowers both physically and mentally through unleashing their auras. Creatures dominated by this power may either submit, flee, or become fully incapacitated by it. This Haki can also be used like the Color of Armament to imbue attacks with energy, making them far stronger than normal. Only a handful of creatures on the planet can master this form of Haki, allowing them to achieve heights very few have reached in power.",
	}, {
		name : "Devil Fruits",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 183],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 22",
		note : "\nDevil Fruits are mysterious fruits that grant the creature or thing that eats it supernatural powers upon being consumed. Once at least a single piece of the fruit enters the stomach of a creature, the fruit itself will revert back to being an ordinary mundane fruit and the creature or thing that consumed it will become quickly aware of the new powers they have acquired as the \"Devil\" originally inside the fruit enters their body. There are three types of Devil Fruits: Paramecia, Zoan, and Logia types. Paramecia Devil Fruit users are usually the most common type and gain the power to either change their bodies, alter their environment, or produce a specific type of material. Zoan Fruit users gain the ability to transform into a type of creature. And Logia Fruit Users gain the ability to transform and control a natural element. This all comes at the cost of never being able to swim again and becoming weak to water and seastone.\n   Finding a Devil Fruit: Devil fruits are very rare, but with enough luck one might find one growing from a tree or plant. When generating an island in your world, the DM can roll a special dice based on the size of an island to determine if there are any Devil Fruits growing somewhere on it. Use the table below to decide which dice you use.\n     Island Size   Dice Size   Find DC\n     Diminutive    d20         10\n     Tiny          d12         12\n     Small         d10         14\n     Medium        d8          16\n     Large         d6          18\n     Colossal      d4          20\n   Regardless of which dice you use, on a roll of 1 there will be 1d4 Devil Fruits scattered across the island. Characters will be unaware of whether Devil Fruits are growing on an island or not unless they thoroughly search and investigate the island. To search for devil fruits, characters must declare a Devil Fruit hunt is taking place. Players must spend a week actively searching for Devil Fruits. At the end of this search, everyone must make a group check, using either Wisdom (Perception or Survival) or Intellgience (Investigation or Nature) to beat a DC determined by the island size. If more than half of the party succeeds, one Devil Fruit is located by the creature with the highest roll. Additional searches may be may be made if there are more Devil Fruits to be found on the island. If a devil fruit user has recently died on an island, there is a greater chance the exact same fruit will respawn on that island. Roll twice instead of once to determine the result if characters arrive or are currently on that island. There is also a 25% chance a Devil Fruit on an island has already been found and is currently stored somewhere or in the possession of another creature or person.\n   Understanding and Apprasing Devil Fruits: As rare and powerful entities, Devil Fruits pose a unique allure and conundrum to those lucky enough to stumble upon them. Due to their idiosyncratic nature and diversity of effects, a deeper understanding and appropriate appraisal are essential to effectively identify their power or negotiate their worth.\n     Identification: The first step to understanding a Devil Fruit is analyzing the fruits' external characteristics – their shape, color patterns, and the unique swirling pattern on their skin – which can provide hints about the type of fruit, but the exact power it bestows can only easily be determined only once it is consumed. A rare few scholars and researchers may have compiled libraries or records that contain detailed illustrations and descriptions of certain known Devil Fruits, but such resources are scarce. Devil Fruit books, available in Underworld Marketplaces, serve as one method for identifying a Devil Fruit. However, these books carry a rarity and cost akin to legendary Devil Fruits, rendering them a challenging method for identification. Nonetheless, Underworld Marketplaces and other special locations may provide a Devil Fruit appraisal service for a substantial fee. Please refer to \"Appraisal\" for more details about this procedure.\n     Using Spells on Devil Fruits: A Devil Fruit cannot be influenced or identified by standard spells or abilities unless explicitly stated in the spell or ability's description. An example of this is the \"Locate Devil Fruit Power\" spell. The supernatural properties of Devil Fruits appear to deflect these effects, rendering them immune to regular identification methods or alterations to their properties.\n     Appraisal: Certain Devil Fruits can be identified by a knowledgeable appraiser. Although finding a competent appraiser can range from challenging to nearly impossible, it might be a more cost-effective alternative than purchasing a Devil Fruit Book. Even if a skilled appraiser is found, there is only a 50% chance the Devil Fruit can be identified. An appraiser will generally demand a substantial fee based on the rarity of the provided fruit if it is successfully appraised, as indicated in the Devil Fruit Appraisal Fee table below.\n       Rarity     Price\n       Uncommon    ฿2,500,000\n       Rare        ฿5,000,000\n       Very Rare   ฿10,000,000\n       Legendary   ฿25,000,000\n     Underworld Marketplaces also provide an avenue for cheaper Devil Fruit appraisals. These illicit marketplaces or auction houses can offer the same service at half the price, thanks to their extensive networks and knowledge bases. However, thisaffordability carries a risk. Appraisers from UndergroundMarketplaces are known to occasionally overvalue or misidentify Devil Fruits to maximize their profit. In fact, there is a 25% chance that an appraiser will either lie or misidentify a Devil Fruit during its appraisal. Additionally, in order to identify the Devil Fruit's exact powers and category as a part of the appraisal, there is generally a flat rate of ฿10,000,000 to get further information about its abilities. This price is reduced down to ฿5,000,000 for Underground Marketplaces, but carries the same risk as mentioned previously.",
	}, {
		name : "Dial Table",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 149],
		popupName : "Dungeons and Devil Fruits Rules, Part 23",
		note : [
			"Common Dial Table",
			"d20     Dial",
			"1-4     Breath Dial",
			"5-7     Flavor Dial",
			"8       Freeze Dial",
			"9       Heat Dial",
			"10-12   Lamp Dial",
			"13-15   Milky Dial",
			"16      Thunder Dial",
			"17-18   Tone Dial",
			"19      Vision Dial",
			"20      Water Dial",
			"Rare Dial Table",
			"d20     Dial",
			"1-2     Axe Dial",
			"3-4     Ball Dial",
			"5       Eisen Dial",
			"6-8     Flash Dial",
			"9-10    Flame Dial",
			"11      Impact Dial",
			"12      Jet Dial",
			"13-17   Large Common Dial",
			"18      Reject Dial",
			"19-20   Storm Dial"
		]
	}]
}

FeatsList["designing devil fruits"] = {

	name : "Designing Devil Fruits",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 190],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Introduces the methods of creating your own Devil Fruits as well unique rules to them introduced in \"Dungeons and Devil Fruits - Player's Handbook\" into the notes.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "General Design",
		source : ["D&DFDPHB", 190],
		popupName : "Designing Devil Fruits, Part 1",
		note : "\nUpon consuming a Devil Fruit, one gains supernatural abilities almost immediately. However, this newfound power comes with a price: a profound vulnerability to sea water. While all Devil Fruit consumers share common weaknesses, some may also possess unique susceptibilities. The Devil Fruit Encyclopedia serves as an excellent way of easily implementing Devil Fruits into your campaign, though you are free to just use it as a template. It provides a foundational guide for Dungeon Masters aiming to design or adapt a Devil Fruit. Typically, Paramecia users draw spells from any class, Zoan users undergo animal transformations reminiscent of druids, and Logias blend spellcasting with transformative capabilities. This design approach aligns closely with the creation of magic items in standard D&D 5e.\n   Step 1 - Category & Appearance: First mark the name of the devil fruit, its rarity (uncommon, rare, very rare, and legendary), its type (paramecia, zoan, or logia), and subtype. The subtype of a devil fruit depends on its type. For example, a Hie Hie no Mi (Ice) logia devil fruit will have a \"Solid\" subtype of logia. Give a brief description of its abilities based on the type. Additionally, the devil fruit will have a unique and peculiar shape, color, and pattern decorating it. Perhaps draw a sketch of it or describe its unique appearance to players.\n   Step 2 - Strengths and Features: A devil fruit user becomes almost immediately aware of which devil fruit power it has upon consuming it. The strengths and features of each type of devil fruit are further detailed in each respective section in later pages. Some of your devil fruit features require your target to make a saving throw to resist the feature's effects. Additionally, your devil fruit may require making a spell attack. If a devil fruit spell requires using an ability modifier to be used, instead use a number equal to every rarity category past common (minimum of 1). The saving throw DC and Attack modifiers are calculated as follows:\n     Devil Fruit save DC = 8 + your proficiency bonus + 1 for every rarity category higher than common (min. 1)\n     Devil Fruit Attack modifier = your Proficiency Bonus + 1 for every rarity category higher than common (min. 1)\n   Step 3 - Weaknesses: Devil fruit users are doomed to \"become a hammer\" for the rest of their lives, meaning they cannot swim. If their powers are particularly useful, that might be an acceptable tradeoff for many. Additionally, you can never eat another devil fruit or you will die. Upon gaining devil fruit powers, you are permanently weak to sea water, seastone, and similar bodies of liquid. This can make a seafaring adventure fairly difficult, even if your devil fruit power is particularly strong. Marines and other powerful pirates may also have access to various seastone weapons that will immediately weaken you and nullify your powers. Being a strong devil fruit user can often make its user feel like they have become gods, giving them a great advantage over most foes. However, it can be considered a great burden over time, and requires great care and caution to avoid drowning or being captured because of the weaknesses that come with it.\n     Universal Weakness: Becoming a Hammer: When you gain the powers of a devil fruit, your swimming speed becomes 0 forever. Additionally, if you are more than half submerged in any body of water or similar liquid, you become incapacitated until you are no longer submerged. While incapacitated this way, you cannot use any devil fruit features and any devil fruit abilities you have activated will end. If you become fully submerged, you begin to sink and you may hold your breath for a number of minutes equal to 1 + Constitution modifier (minimum 30 seconds) before you drown. Once you begin drowning, you drop to 0 HP, and you can survive a number of rounds equal to your Constitution modifier (minimum 1). Only when you are able to breathe again will you become stabilized. The speed at which you sink depends on how much armor you are wearing. If you unarmored or wearing light armor, you sink at a rate of 5 ft/round. If you are wearing medium armor, you sink at a rate of 10 ft/round. And if you are wearing heavy armor, you sink at a rate of 15 ft/round.\n     Universal Weakness: One Devil Per Body: When a devil fruit enters your body, you will never be able to eat another devil fruit for the rest of your life. Some may not be aware of this fact, and will be doomed to meet a horrible fate when trying to do so. If a character eats more than one devil fruit, they immediately drop to 0 HP and explode, dying instantaneously. If they are somehow brought back to life by a specific spell or ability, such as wish or true resurrection, they will no longer have devil fruit powers.\n     Universal Weakness: Seastone: Seastone, similar to sea water, can completely incapacitate any devil fruit user that comes into contact with it. If a devil fruit user ever comes into direct contact with seastone, they must succeed on a DC 20 Constitution Save, or become incapacitated until the start of their next turn or so long as they are in contact with the seastone. This save must be repeated at the start of each turn so long as the creature is in contact with seastone. While in contact with seastone, you cannot use any devil fruit features and any devil fruit abilities you have activated will end.\n     Optional Weakness: Fruit Vulnerability: A devil fruit may come with a vulnerability or weakness depending on the nature of its power. More powerful devil fruits, such as legendary devil fruits, might not have any exploitable weakness aside from sea water and seastone. However, less powerful devil fruits may have explotable weaknesses. For example, a devil fruit that allows its user to create a flammable material will be vulnerable to fire and will begin to burn each round when catching on fire. Or a logia devil fruit power that makes its user into lightning might be immune to non-magical physical damage except for attacks made from insulating materials such as rubber.\n   Step 4 - Devil Fruit Spells, Skills, and Charges: Devil Fruit users start with a set number of devil fruit charges they can use to use spells or special abilities. Expended charges are regained daily at dawn. The number of charges a devil fruit user has, as well as the highest level of spell it can cast using these charges, is determined by the rarity of the fruit shown on the table below. A spell being cast using a devil fruit usually requires spending a number of charges equal to its spell level. Zoan devil fruits do not use charges or spells.\n     Rarity      Highest Spell Level   Charges\n     Uncommon    3rd                   5\n     Rare        5th                   9\n     Very Rare   7th                   13\n     Legendary   9th                   17\n   Step 5 - Devil Fruit Advancement and Awakening: A devil fruit user can advance their powers over time and even eventually \"Awaken\" their devil fruit. Devil Fruit Awakenings are usually unlocked at later levels, granting a powerful awakening ability that depends on the devil fruit type, and it will often break the rules the devil fruit normally follows (such as highest spell level allowed). See \"Devil Fruit Advancement and Awakening\" later for more.",
	}, {
		name : "Paramecia Design",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 192],
		popupName : "Designing Devil Fruits, Part 2",
		note : "\nParamecia Devil Fruits are one of the three types of devil fruit classifications, allowing their users to achieve superhuman feats by modifying their bodies, producing and conjuring materials, or affecting their environment. These rules will help you design a Devil Fruit for a paramecia user.\n   Paramecia Subtypes: Body Enhancer, Substance Generator, and Environment Alterer are the three subtypes of paramecia devil fruits that defines a paramecia user's abilities. Each paramecia will normally limit its user's powers to one of these three subtypes. A body enhancer can only alter their own body and clothes using their powers, a substance generator can only produce a specific type of substance around and outside of their body, and an environment alterer can only transmute or change the properties of objects and people around them. It isn't always clear what subclass a paramecia fruit may belong to, so work with your DM to decide what makes the most sense.\n     Body Enhancer: If your devil fruit makes you into a Body Enhancer power user, you can now change the properties of your body in various ways. This subtype is most likely to use transmutation, illusion, or abjuration spells on oneself.\n     Substance Generator: If your devil fruit makes you into a Substance Generating paramecia power user, you can now produce a certain type of material from your body. You can use this substance as armor, to create a held weapon, or to create structures and barricades. This subtype will typically use evocation, conjuration, or abjuration spells focused on offensive or defensive creation of a substance or material.\n     Environment Alterer: If your devil fruit makes you into a Enviornment Altering paramecia power user, you can now control, transmute, or change the properties of the environment around you. This means you can control creatures, objects, space, time, or the air and atmosphere around you depending your specific power. This subtype will typically use magic that affects other creatures or manipulates the environment such as enchantment, necromancy, illusion, transmutation, or divination spells.\n   Paramecia Damage Type, Resistances, and Immunities: Paramecia devil fruit users will almost immediately notice that they are immune to certain types of elemental or physical attacks. For example, a rubber body paramecia fruit will make its user immune to bludgeoning and lightning attacks because rubber typically nullifies that type of damage. Working with your DM, decide which of the following features apply to you based on your devil fruit's power and nature.\n     Paramecia Attacks: It might make sense for certain spells to work especially well for a paramecia devil fruit, but they may not list a damage type in the spell description that corresponds to the devil fruit's element or material. For example, if you wish to use the cone of cold spell for an acid-natured devil fruit, you may list \"deals acid damage instead\" for the spell on the devil fruit sheet.\n     Paramecia Resistances and Immunities: A paramecia devil fruit power grants at least one type of resistance or immunity to a damage type or condition that would align with the devil fruit's nature. For example, a user of the Bomu Bomu no mi (Bomb Paramecia) might be immune to fire damage, a user of the Gomu Gomu no mi (Rubber Paramecia) might be immune to non-magical bludgeoning and all lightning damage, and a user of the Oto Oto no mi (Sound Paramecia) might bei mmune to thunder damage and being deafened. Magical bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage, such as from a creature using Armament Haki, will overcome resistances and immunities.\n   Paramecia Basic Skills: Every paramecia-type devil fruit will have at least one ability or attack that can be used innately so long as the devil fruit  user is not incapacitated or exposed to water or seastone. Cantrips work well for this purpose, as they can be used infinitely for little to no cost. Alternatively, devil fruit abilities might extend or amplify a character's already existing traits. For example, the Bara Bara no Mi and Gomu Gomu no Mi devil fruit powers allow the user to extend their limbs a great distance. This could allow the user of these powers to effectively extend their melee attack reach by 30 ft and use the Mage Hand cantrip to represent this extended limb reach. A devil fruit should always come with such a basic skill that costs nothing. If a special basic skill is too powerful to be used infinitely at no cost, it might be wise to limit the number of times it can be used each day (or require recharging at the next dawn to be used again).\n   Paramecia Spells, Skills, and Awakening: Designing and deciding which spells and skills which can be used with a devil fruit can be tricky at first. Hopefully, after following these steps, choosing paramecia devil fruit spells will become a little more intuitive. Also be sure to refer back to \"General Design\" under step 4 for more examples and an explanation on devil fruit charges and which spell levels to choose from. To decide which spells to choose from, make sure you keep their spell level beneath the \"highest spell level\" equal to or lower than the number decided by the devil fruit's rarity. The spell you choose can be from any class spell list. Next, select at least 1 or more spells within that range and modify them as needed. Remember to stick to the rules of paramecia subtypes in order to decide what these spells will be allowed to target, such as \"self only\" for body enhancers. A good example for this might be for a Bomu Bomu no Mi (bomb human) devil fruit user to be able to cast burning hands (1 charge) and fireball (3 charges), representing how its user can use skills involving explosions of fire. Additionally, an awakening ability might be a much higher level spell than can be used once per day, even bypass the spell level limit for that devil fruit. For a Bomu Bomu no Mi user, this could be the ability to cast fire storm once per day.",
	}, {
		name : "Zoan Design",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 194],
		popupName : "Designing Devil Fruits, Part 3",
		note : "\nZoan Devil Fruits are one of the three types of devil fruit classifications, allowing their users to transform into a specific type of animal or creature. Zoan type devil fruit powers are typically the second most common to find. However, mythical zoan devil fruits are extremely rare and difficult to find, similar to logia devil fruits. Zoan users use their powers a little differently than paramecia and logia types. Instead of being provided with a devil fruit sheet, such as with the other two types of devil fruits, they are instead given a beast stat sheet corresponding to their zoan animal and must follow the rules below.\n   Zoan Subtypes: Standard Zoan, Ancient Zoan, and Mythical Zoan are the three subtypes of zoan devil fruits that defines a zoan user's abilities and what creature they can transform into. Standard zoan subtypes are very common among zoan devil fruit users, whereas ancient and mythical zoans are incredibly rare and nearly impossible to find normally. Standard zoan users are typically able to transform into commonly known animals such as dogs, cats, insects, birds, elephants, or even humans. Ancient zoan users can transform into less commonly known ancient creatures or animals such as dinosaurs, mammoths, or other extinct creatures. Mythical zoan users can transform into incredibly rare creatures that are known only to exist in fiction, such as a phoenix, hydra, or dragon. Mythical zoan users have magical powers that far surpass the abilities that are commonly given to standard or ancient zoan users. Here are templates you can use to determine the beast form you can transform into using your zoan devil fruit power.\n     Standard Zoan (Uncommon): If the zoan devil fruit you received is uncommon in rarity, the animal you can transform into is likely a commonly seen animal such as a cat, dog, pig, etc.\n     Standard Zoan (Rare): If the zoan devil fruit you received is rare, the animal you can transform into is likely a more ferocious wild animal such as a bear, lion, wolf, gorilla, hawk, etc.\n     Ancient Zoan (Very Rare): If the zoan devil fruit you received is very rare, the animal you can transform into is a beast that lived in ancient times such as a mammoth or dinosaur.\n     Mythical Zoan (Legendary): If the zoan devil fruit you received is legendary, the animal you can transform into is a creature from mythology such as a dragon or phoenix. This type is both the rarest and strongest of all the zoan subtypes.\n   Beast Shape: If you are a zoan devil fruit user, you can use your action to magically assume the shape of a beast corresponding to your devil fruit, using the creature's statistics. You can use this feature a number of times determined by the rarity of the devil fruit, as shown on the table below. You regain all expended uses daily at dawn. The DM will provide you with the stats for your zoan creature. If the DM cannot find a fitting stat block for your zoan creature, or it is higher than the CR maximum for your type, they will need to create a custom stat sheet for it. More information on this process is included under the \"Custom Zoan Creature Creation\" section. The Devil Fruit's rarity determines the CR range of the beast you transform into at first, and is also shown in the Beast Shapes table below. The zoan creature selected for beast shape does not need to be equal to the Max CR of its rarity type.\n     Zoan Rarity   CR Range    Daily Uses   Example\n     Uncommon      1/8 - 1/2   2            Wolf\n     Rare          1/2 - 2     2            Brown Bear\n     Very Rare     2 - 8       2            Tyrannosaurus Rex\n     Legendary     8 - 20      1            Phoenix\n   You can stay in a beast shape for a number of hours equal to half your character level (rounded up). You then revert to your normal form unless you expend another use of this feature. You can revert to your normal form earlier by using a bonus action on your turn. You automatically revert if you fall unconscious, become incapacitated by seastone or water, drop to 0 hit points, or die. While you are transformed, the following rules apply:\n     Your game statistics are replaced by the statistics of the beast, but you retain your alignment, personality, and Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma scores. You also retain all of your skill and saving throw proficiencies, in addition to gaining those of the creature. If the creature has the same proficiency as you and the bonus in its stat block is higher than yours, use the creature's bonus instead of yours. If the creature has any legendary or lair actions, you can't use them.\n     When you transform, you assume the beast's hit points and Hit Dice. When you revert to your normal form, you return to the number of hit points you had before you transformed. However, if you revert as a result of dropping to 0 hit points, any excess damage carries over to your normal form. As long as the excess damage doesn't reduce your normal form to 0 hit points, you aren't knocked unconscious.\n     You can't cast spells, and your ability take any action that requires hands is limited to the capabilities of your beast form. Transforming doesn't break your concentration on a spell you've already cast, however, or prevent you from taking actions that are part of a spell, such as call lightning, that you've already cast.\n     You retain the benefit of any features from your class, race, or other source and can use them if the new form is physically capable of doing so. However, you can’t use any of your special senses, such as darkvision, unless your new form also has that sense.\n     You choose whether your equipment falls to the ground in your space, merges into your new form, or is worn by it. Worn equipment functions as normal, but the DM decides whether it is practical for the new form to wear a piece of equipment, based on the creature's shape and size. Your equipment doesn't change size or shape to match the new form, and any equipment that the new form can't wearmust either fall to the ground or merge with it. Equipment that merges with the form has no effect until you leave the form.\n   Hybrid Form: As a zoan devil fruit user, you immediately gain certain benefits from your devil fruit. You can increase one ability score of your choice up to the same modifier type value listed on your zoan creature's stat block, if there are any ability scores higher than yours. You can only increase one ability score up to your maximum for that score. Also, after this change takes place, you can continue to advance the increased ability score gaining the benefits from further ability score increases from character level advancement, boons, etc. Additionally, you can use your action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both your humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. This hybrid form incorporates strengths of your zoan animal into your character's regular skills and stats. You cannot be in your beast shape and hybrid form at the same time. You can use this feature a number of times equal to your proficiency bonus. The transformation lasts for a number of minutes equal to your half your character level (rounded up), or until you end it as a bonus action, become incapacitated by seastone or water, or fall unconscious. You regain all expended uses daily at dawn. When you enter your hybrid form, you gain a number of different hybrid feature options equal to 1 + 1 for every rarity category higher than common your devil fruit is. The hybrid option features you can choose from are listed below, and last for the duration of the transformation.\n     Keen Senses: Depending on your zoan animal, choose sight, smell, or hearing. You have advantage on Perception checks that rely on that sense.\n     Camouflage: Your skin, fur, scales or overall exterior changes to help you better blend in to your environment. You have advantage on Sealth checks.\n     Pack Tactics: As a pack animal, you are able to coordinat ewith allies better while attacking. You have advantage on ana ttack roll against a creature if at least one of your allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated.\n     Razor Claws: If your zoan creature has claws, you also grow claws for the duration of your hybrid form. You can now choose to deal slashing for your unarmed strikes, which you are now proficient with, and your unarmed strike damage dice becomes at least 1d6 + Strength when attacking with your claws. In addition, you gain a climbing speed equal to your walking speed or a burrow speed equal to half your walking speed (pick only one that applies).\n     Outer Shell: You form a dense shell, reptilian scales, an exoskeleton, or otherwise defensive exterior. Your AC can't be less than 16, regardless of what kind of armor you are wearing for the duration of your hybrid form.\n     Wings: You grow wings resembling your zoan animal type. You have a flying speed of 60 feet. To use this speed, you can't be wearing heavy armor.\n     Beast Sensory: If your zoan creature has darkvision, blindsight, or tremorsense, you can replace your normal vision with one or more of these senses with a range equal to the creature's sense range.\n     Powerful Jaws: If your zoan creature has fangs or any other form of sharp teeth, mandibles, pincers, etc. on or near its mouth, you also gain those features near your mouth for the duration of your hybrid form. You can now choose to deal piercing damage for your unarmed strikes, which you are now proficient with, and your unarmed strike damage dice becomes at least 1d12 + Strength when attacking with your jaws. You can only replace an unarmed strike with a jaw attack as a part of the attack action once per turn.\n     Improved Saves: You can choose to replace your bonus to any number of saving throws with the saving throw bonus of your zoan creature if it is higher than yours for the duration of the hybrid form. Additionally, you can also do this with the creature's initiative bonus.\n     Toxic Glands: If your zoan creature can produce poison or venom, you learn the Poison Spray cantrip for the duration of your hybrid form. Additionally, you gain the ability to poison your victims. You can choose to lace one weapon attack or unarmed strike with poison on your turn. If the attack hits a target, that creature is poisoned until the end of their next turn.\n     Quills or Spines: If your zoan creature has defensive quills, spines, or other sharp protrusions on its body, you can gain this feature. When a creature hits you with a melee attack within 5 feet, they take piercing damage equal to half your character level.\n     Size Change: If your zoan creature is at least one size larger or smaller than you, you can also become a size larger or smaller for the duration of your hybrid form. Treat this as the enlarge/reduce spell, except no concentration or components are required.\n     Pouncing Strike: If your zoan animal has the pounce feature or something similar, you can use this ability for the duration of your hybrid form. If you move at least 15 feet straight toward a creature and then hit it with an unarmed strike on the same turn, that target must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, you can make one unarmed strike against it as a bonus action. For this, the DC is 8 + your proficiency bonus + Strength modifier. You can only knock a creature prone using this feature once per turn.\n     Charging Horns or Hooves: If your zoan animal has horns, hooves, or a stomp attack, you also grow horns or hooves for the duration of your hybrid form. You can now choose to deal either piercing or bludgeoning for your unarmed strikes, which you are now proficient with, and your unarmed strike damage dice becomes at least 1d6 + Strength when attacking with your horns or hooves. If you move at least 20 feet straight toward a target and then hit it with an unarmed strike, the damage dice is doubled for the attack if you are within 5 feet of the target while attacking. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be shoved 5 feet away from you. For this, the DC is 8 + your proficiency bonus + Strength modifier. You can only shove a creature and deal extra damage using this feature once per turn.\n     Hopping: If your zoan creature has the ability to leap or hop great distances, your long jump is up to 25 feet and your high jump is up to 15 feet, with or without a running start for the duration of your hybrid form.\n     Sticky Feet: If your zoan creature has sticky hands or feet, you also gain sticky hands and feet for the duration of you rhybrid form. While you are sticky this way, you gain a climb speed equal to your walking speed, you can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down or on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check. Additionally, you can ignore movememnt restrictions caused by sticky surfaces, such as webbing.\n     Extra Appendages: If your zoan creature is an insectoid with six to eight appendages, you also gain the same number of appendages, for the duration of your hybrid form. While you cannot efficiently wield weapons with these appendages, you may use them to hold smaller items such as potions and trinkets. Additionally, you have advantage on grapple checks using these new appendages.\n     Aerial Combat: If your zoan animal has wings or some other means of flight, you can deliver special attacks with your beak, talons, or other sharp bodily weapons while flying in your hybrid form. You can now choose to deal either piercing or slashing for your unarmed strikes, which you are now proficient with, and your unarmed strike damage dice becomes at least 1d6 + Strength. If you dive at least 30 feet toward a target while flying and then hit it with an unarmed strike, the damage dice is doubled for the attack if you are within 5 feet of the target while attacking. Additionally, even if you didn't hit, the target cannot make opportunity attacks against you when you fly out of its reach for the rest of your turn.\n     Constriction: If your zoan creature has the ability to constrict or crush a creature with immense force while grappling it (e.g. constrictor snake), you now have the abilityt o wrap tightly around enemies in a similar fashion. When you make a successful grapple attempt against a creature, the creature takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage and becomes restrained for the duration it is grappled.\n     Biolumenescence: If your creature uses bioluminescence (e.g. firefly), you shed bright light in a 15-foot radius and dim light for an additional 15 feet. You can use an action to expand or reduce this radius of bright and dim light by 5 feet each, to a maximum of 30 feet each or a minimum of 10 feet each.\n     Venomous Stinger or Fangs: If your zoan creature has a stinger, fangs, or any other form of natural poisonous weapon, you also gain that feature on your body for the duration of your hybrid form. You can now choose to deal piercing damage for your unarmed strikes, which you are now proficient with, and your unarmed strike damage dice becomes at least 1d6 + Strength when attacking with your stinger or fangs. Additionally, if you hit a creature with your stinger or fangs, the target must make a Constitution saving throw, taking 2d4 poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. For this, the DC is 8 + your Proficiency bonus + Constitution modifier. You can only replace an unarmed strike with a stinger or fang attack as a part of the attack action once per turn.\n     Rampaging: If your zoan creature is a carnivorous hunter, you will begin to rampage as you hunt your targets. If you reduce a creature to 0 hit points with a melee attack on your turn, you can take a bonus action to move up to half its speed and make a melee Attack.\n     Resilient: Your hybrid form makes you particularly durable. If you take 10 damage or less that would reduce you to 0 hit points while in your hybrid form, you can choose to be reduced to 1 hit point instead. You can only use this feature once per hybrid transformation.\n     Strong Footing: If your zoan creature is a quadripedal land animal, you have advantage on Strength and Dexterity saving throws made against effects that would knock you prone.\n     Fleet Footed: If your zoan creature has a walking speed that is higher than your base walking speed, your base walking speed increases to that amount for the duration of your hybrid form.\n     Special Action: If your zoan creature has a special action with a recharge (e.g. Giant Spider's Web, Red Dragon's Fire Breath, etc.), you can now use this ability in your hybrid form as an action. Once you use this option, you cannot use it again in your hybrid form until you complete a long rest.\n     Ancient Fury (Ancient or Mythical Zoan only): Your zoan powers provide you with the ability to deliver crushing attacks in your hybrid form, making your melee attacks using your hyrid options (e.g. Razor Claws, Powerful Jaws, etc.) deal one extra die of its damage when you hit with them.\n     Mighty Constitution (Ancient or Mythical Zoan only): Your zoan powers grant you immense fortitude, giving you a number of temporary hit points equal to 1d10 + your character level when you enter your hybrid form. These temporary hit points last until you are no longer in your hybrid form. You cannot gain the benefits of this option again until you complete a long rest.\n     Supreme Natural Armor (Ancient or Mythical Zoan only): If your zoan creature has an AC of higher than 16, your AC can't be less than your zoan creature's AC, regardless of what kind of armor you are wearing, for the duration of your hybrid form.\n     Mythical Skill (Mythical Zoan only): If your mythical zoan creature has special skills (e.g. Hydra's Multiple Heads, Phoenix's Fire Form, etc.) you gain that skill as a feature in your hybrid form. You cannot gain Legendary Resistance, Lair Actions, or Legendary Actions using this feature. You can choose the Mystical Skill option multiple times when you enter your hybrid form to gain multiple special features this way, counting it as an additional option.\n     Mythical Attack (Mythical Zoan only): You gain the ability to use any weapon attack actions your mythical zoan creature can use as an attack action during its turn (e.g. Hydra's Bite attack and Multiattack) while in your hybrid form. However, you must use your modifiers and proficiency bonus for these attacks. You cannot gain Legendary Resistance, Lair Actions, or Legendary Actions using this feature.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of your Zoan Devil Fruit power, when you enter your Hybrid Form, you can temporarily enter your Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While your Awakened State is active, your hit point maximum and hit points increase by 50, your weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to your character level, and you are able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of your turns for the duration of this state, you regain hit points equivalent to your character level + your Constitution modifier. Should the duration of your Awakened State expire, you hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, you can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once your Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.\n   Custom Zoan Creature Creation: When rolling for a random zoan type devil fruit, it is possible to roll a zoan creature that does not have a stat block available in official sources that the DM can provide you with. If this is the case, the DM can follow this guide to create a custom creature stat block following the custom monster creation rules. Make sure to stay within the CR range for the zoan creature, which is determined by the rarity of the devil fruit. If there is a creature you can use as your zoan creature but it happens to be outside of your devil fruit's CR range, have your DM lower its stats to reflect the maximum CR of its CR range. Alternatively, an easier way to do this is to find a similar creature with an official stat block and with an appropriate CR, then use that stat block as a template or guide.",
	}, {
		name : "Logia Design",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 199],
		popupName : "Designing Devil Fruits, Part 4",
		note : "\nLogia Devil Fruits are one of the three types of devil fruit classifications, allowing their users to turn transform their body into a natural element, while also being able to create and control it. Logia type devil fruit powers are normally considered the rarest and strongest of the three types.\n   Logia Subtypes: Solid Logias, Liquid Logias, and Gaseous Logias are the three subtypes of logia devil fruits that defines a logia user's abilities and what element and state of matter they can transform into or use with their powers. All three of these subtypes are roughly equal in power, though some logia elements can be weaker than others on average.\n     Solid Logia: Solid logia devil fruit powers allow their users to transform themselves into a solid element, create solid objects out of that element, and transform materials into that element.\n     Liquid Logia: Liquid logia devil fruit powers allow their users to transform themselves into a liquid element, create liquid pools, waves, or fluid objects out of that element, and break down materials by using that element. Liquid fresh water or sea water cannot be used as a logia element.\n     Gaseous Logia: Gaseous logia devil fruit powers allow their users totransform themselves into a type of gas, plasma, or free-moving particle, and can use this element to create clouds, missiles, beams, or produce other various effects.\n   Logia Damage Type, Resistances, and Immunities: Logia users are provided with some of the greatest protection, agility, and damage out of all devil fruit types. Being able to disperse into their element, they can avoid just about any attack. And because they can transform into their element at any time, they can consistently deal a damage type based on their element.\n     Logia Resistances and Immunities: Logia devil fruit users will almost immediately notice that they are immune to certain types of elemental damage and conditions, as their body composition is changed into their element. Additionally, all logia fruits aside from the Yami Yami no Mi, or darkness logia fruit, grant its user complete immunity to non-magical bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage.\n     Logia Attacks: You can choose to deal a specific type of damage by replacing the damage type of your attacks and devil fruit spells with one that matches your power. If your devil fruit does not have a special elemental damage type to pick from, choose between bludgeoning, slashing, or piercing (based on how you use your powers).\n   Logia Basic Skills: Every logia type devil fruit will have at least one ability or attack that can be used innately so long as the devil fruit user is not incapacitated or exposed to water or seastone. Elemental cantrips such as firebolt work well for this purpose, as they can be used infinitely for little to no cost.\n     Logia Elemental Form: As a logia user, you can channel your devil fruit powers through your body to enter an elemental form, fully altering your body composition to match your logia material. You can enter this form as an action on your turn. While in your elemental form, unless you are using the Yami Yami no Mi devil fruit, you gain the following benefits:\n       You gain a +2 bonus to AC.\n     You have advantage on Dexterity checks and Dexterity saving throws.\n       You can move through the space of another creature, and it doesn't count as difficult terrain. If you end your turn in another creature's space, you are shunted to the last unoccupied space you occupied, and you take 1d8 force damage.\n       You choose which equipment you are holding transforms into your element and travels with you normally. Worn equipment functions as usual, but benefits from your resistances and immunities and attacks that normally phase through you will also phase through your equipment as if it is a part of your body.\n     Your elemental form lasts for a number of minutes equal to half your character level (rounded up). It ends early if you are knocked unconscious, become incapacitated by seastone orwater or end it as a bonus action. You can enter this form a number of times equal to your Proficiency bonus. You regain all expended uses of this feature when you complete a long rest. Depending on your logia subtype, you also transform into a mist, pool, or mass of solid material matching your element for the duration of the your elemental form, gaining these additional abilities:\n       Solid Form: As a bonus action on your turn, shattering into solid pieces of your logia element and reforming, you teleport up to 30 feet to an unoccupied space that you can see.\n       Liquid Form: You can spend 5 feet to transform into your liquid element and move into the small cracks of a solid surface and reform in a puddle, reappearing on a spot on thesame surface up to 30 feet away from you that you dont need to be able to see. You can use this transportation ability once per round for the duration.\n       Gaseous Form: Still in the shape of your original form, you become a misty cloud of particles made of your element for the duration, making your only method of movement a flying speed equal to your movement speed. You can pass through small holes, narrow openings, and even mere cracks. You remain hovering in the air even when stunned or otherwise Incapacitated, unless by seastone or water.\n   Logia Spells, Skills, and Awakening: Similar to creating a paramecia devil fruit power, designing and deciding which spells and skills which can be used with a devil fruit can be tricky at first. Hopefully, after following these steps, choosing paramecia devil fruit spells will become a little more intuitive. Also be sure to refer back to \"General Design\" under step 4 for more examples and an explanation on devil fruit charges and which spell levels to choose from. To decide which spells to choose from, make sure you keep their spell level beneath the \"highest spell level\" equal to or lower than the number decided by the devil fruit's rarity. The spell you choose can be from any class spell list. Next, select at least 1 or more spells within that range and modify them as needed. Remember to stick to the rules of paramecia subtypes in order to decide what these spells will be allowed to target.",
	}]
}

RaceList["human, giant"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*human)(?=.*giant).*$/i,

	name : "Human, Giant",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 13],

	plural : "Humans, Giant",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	weaponprofs : [false, false, ["longsword", "battleaxe", "handaxe", "light hammer", "club", "spear"]],

	skills : ["Athletics"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 7 to over 8 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 300 lbs.",

	improvements : "Human, Giant: +2 Strength;",

	scores : [2, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

	trait : "Human, Giant (+2 Strength)\nGiant's Endurance: When I take damage, I can use my reaction to roll a d12. Add my Constitution modifier to the number rolled, and reduce the damage by that total. After I use this trait, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",

	carryingCapacity : 2,

	features : {

		"giant's endurance" : {
			name : "Giant's Endurance",
			minlevel : 1,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "short rest",
			tooltip : "",
		},
	}
};

AddRacialVariant(

	"human",

	"kuja",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*kuja).*$/i,

		name : "Kuja",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 13],

		plural : "Kujas",

		weaponprofs : [false, false, ["longsword", "shortsword", "shortbow", "spear"]],

		improvements : "Kuja: +2 Constitution, Wisdom, or Charisma;",

		trait : "Kuja (+2 Constitution, Wisdom, or Charisma)\nBeginner Haki: I can choose to take the \"Color of Armament Training\" feat if I meet the prerequisite.",
	}
);

RaceList["fish-man, shark"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*fish-man)(?=.*shark).*$/i,

	name : "Fish-Man, Shark",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 15],

	plural : "Fish-Men, Shark",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },

		swim : { spd : 35, enc : 0 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	weaponsAdd : ["Bite"],
	weaponOptions : {
		baseWeapon : "unarmed strike",
		regExpSearch : /bite/i,
		name : "Bite",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 15],
		damage : [1, 6, "piercing"]
	},

	dmgres : ["Cold"],

	skills : ["Athletics", "Intimidation"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 7 to over 8 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 300 lbs.",

	improvements : "Fish-Man, Shark: +2 Strength, +1 Constitution;",

	scores : [2, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0],

	trait : "Fish-Man, Shark (+2 Strength, +1 Constitution)\nAmphibious: I can breathe air and water.\nUnderwater Athlete: While underwater, I face no penalties or disadvantage as a result of underwater combat rules.",
};

RaceList["fish-man, manta ray"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*fish-man)(?=.*manta)(?=.*ray).*$/i,

	name : "Fish-Man, Manta Ray",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 15],

	plural : "Fish-Men, Manta Ray",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },

		swim : { spd : 40, enc : 0 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	dmgres : ["Cold"],

	skills : ["Athletics", "Acrobatics"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 7 to over 8 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 300 lbs.",

	improvements : "Fish-Man, Manta Ray: +2 Dexterity, +1 Constitution;",

	scores : [0, 2, 1, 0, 0, 0],

	trait : "Fish-Man, Manta Ray (+2 Dexterity, +1 Constitution)\nAmphibious: I can breathe air and water.\nUnderwater Athlete: While underwater, I face no penalties or disadvantage as a result of underwater combat rules.\nUnderwater Acrobatics: I have advantage on Acrobatics checks made while underwater.",
};

RaceList["fish-man, octopus"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*fish-man)(?=.*octopus).*$/i,

	name : "Fish-Man, Octopus",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 15],

	plural : "Fish-Men, Octopus",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },

		swim : { spd : 35, enc : 0 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	dmgres : ["Cold"],

	skills : ["Athletics"],

	skillstxt : "Choose from either Sleight of Hand or any artisan's tools",

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 7 to over 8 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 300 lbs.",

	improvements : "Fish-Man, Octopus: +1 Strength, +1 Dexterity, +1 Constitution;",

	scores : [1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0],

	trait : "Fish-Man, Octopus (+1 Strength, +1 Dexterity, +1 Constitution)\nAmphibious: I can breathe air and water.\nUnderwater Athlete: While underwater, I face no penalties or disadvantage as a result of underwater combat rules.\nMulti-Armed: I have four additional arms, six in total. While I cannot efficiently wield weapons with these arms, I may use them to hold smaller items such as potions and trinkets. Additionally, I have advantage on grapple checks with my arms.",
};

RaceList["fish-man, smelt-whiting"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*fish-man)(?=.*smelt-whiting).*$/i,

	name : "Fish-Man, Smelt-Whiting",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 15],

	plural : "Fish-Men, Smelt-Whiting",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },

		swim : { spd : 35, enc : 0 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	dmgres : ["Cold"],

	skills : ["Athletics"],

	skillstxt : "Choose from either Deception or Perception",

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 7 to over 8 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 300 lbs.",

	improvements : "Fish-Man, Smelt-Whiting: +2 Charisma, +1 Constitution;",

	scores : [0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 2],

	trait : "Fish-Man, Smelt-Whiting (+2 Charisma, +1 Constitution)\nAmphibious: I can breathe air and water.\nUnderwater Athlete: While underwater, I face no penalties or disadvantage as a result of underwater combat rules.",

	spellcastingAbility : 6,

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Hydro Cannon",

		spells : ["ray of frost"],

		selection : ["ray of frost"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},

	features : {

		"hydro cannon" : {
			name : "Hydro Cannon",
			minlevel : 3,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
			spellcastingBonus : {
				name : "Hydro Cannon (level 3)",
				spells : ["ice knife"],
				selection : ["ice knife"],
				oncelr : true,
			},
		},
	}
};

RaceList["merfolk, one piece"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*merfolk)(?=.*one)(?=.*piece).*$/i,

	name : "Merfolk, One Piece",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 16],

	plural : "Merfolk, One Piece",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 10, enc : 0 },

		swim : { spd : 50, enc : 0 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["All"],

	dmgres : ["Cold"],

	weaponprofs : [false, false, ["trident", "net", "spear"]],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 7 to over 8 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 300 lbs.",

	improvements : "Merfolk, One Piece: +1 Dexterity, +1 Wisdom, +1 Charisma;",

	scores : [0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1],

	trait : "Merfolk, One Piece (+1 Dexterity, +1 Wisdom, +1 Charisma)\nAmphibious: I can breathe air and water.\nSea Creature Communication: Using gestures and sounds, I can communicate simple ideas with any beast that has an innate swimming speed.",

	spellcastingAbility : 6,

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Merfolk Combat",

		spells : ["ray of frost"],

		selection : ["ray of frost"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},

	features : {

		"merfolk combat, 3rd level" : {
			name : "Merfolk Combat, 3rd Level",
			minlevel : 3,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
			spellcastingBonus : {
				name : "Merfolk Combat (level 3)",
				spells : ["ice knife"],
				selection : ["ice knife"],
				oncelr : true,
			},
		},

		"merfolk combat, 5th level" : {
			name : "Merfolk Combat, 5th Level",
			minlevel : 5,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
			spellcastingBonus : {
				name : "Merfolk Combat (level 5)",
				spells : ["rime's binding ice"],
				selection : ["rime's binding ice"],
				oncelr : true,
			},
		},
	}
};

RaceList["sky islander, shandian"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sky)(?=.*islander)(?=.*shandian).*$/i,

	name : "Shandian Sky Islander",

	sortname : "Sky Islander, Shandian",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 18],

	plural : "Shandian Sky Islanders",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["All"],

	weaponprofs : [false, false, ["quarterstaff", "halberd", "spear", "pike", "glaive"]],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 5 to over 6 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 150 lbs.",

	improvements : "Shandian Sky Islander: +2 Strength, +1 Dexterity;",

	scores : [2, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0],

	trait : "Shandian Sky Islander (+2 Strength, +1 Dexterity)\nDial Proficiency: I innately understand dials that have came from sky islands and can carry one with me. I roll once on the \"Simple Dial Table\" to determine which one I start with.",

	features : {

		"protection from the clouds" : {
			name : "Protection from the Clouds",
			minlevel : 1,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "short rest",
			spellcastingBonus : {
				name : "Protection from the Clouds",
				spells : ["feather fall"],
				selection : ["feather fall"],
				oncesr : true,
			},
		},
	}
};

RaceList["sky islander, birkan"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sky)(?=.*islander)(?=.*birkan).*$/i,

	name : "Birkan Sky Islander",

	sortname : "Sky Islander, Birkan",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 18],

	plural : "Birkan Sky Islanders",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["All"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 5 to over 6 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 150 lbs.",

	improvements : "Birkan Sky Islander: +2 Wisdom, +1 Dexterity;",

	scores : [0, 1, 0, 0, 2, 0],

	trait : "Birkan Sky Islander (+2 Wisdom, +1 Dexterity)\nDial Proficiency: I innately understand dials that have came from sky islands and can carry one with me. I roll once on the \"Simple Dial Table\" to determine which one I start with.\nMantra Specialist: I can choose to take the \"Color of Observation Training\" feat if I meet the prerequisite.",

	features : {

		"protection from the clouds" : {
			name : "Protection from the Clouds",
			minlevel : 1,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "short rest",
			spellcastingBonus : {
				name : "Protection from the Clouds",
				spells : ["feather fall"],
				selection : ["feather fall"],
				oncesr : true,
			},
		},
	}
};

RaceList["sky islander, skypiean"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sky)(?=.*islander)(?=.*skypiean).*$/i,

	name : "Skypiean Sky Islander",

	sortname : "Sky Islander, Skypiean",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 18],

	plural : "Skypiean Sky Islanders",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["All"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 5 to over 6 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 150 lbs.",

	improvements : "Skypiean Sky Islander: +2 Intelligence, +1 Dexterity;",

	scores : [0, 1, 0, 2, 0, 0],

	trait : "Skypiean Sky Islander (+2 Intelligence, +1 Dexterity)\nDial Proficiency: I innately understand dials that have came from sky islands and can carry one with me. I roll once on the \"Simple Dial Table\" to determine which one I start with.\nAdvanced Dial Proficiency: I start with an additional Dial, allowing me to roll once more on the \"Simple Dial Table\" to determine what other Dial I start with. Additionally, I gain advantage on all checks made to find a dial.",

	features : {

		"protection from the clouds" : {
			name : "Protection from the Clouds",
			minlevel : 1,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "short rest",
			spellcastingBonus : {
				name : "Protection from the Clouds",
				spells : ["feather fall"],
				selection : ["feather fall"],
				oncesr : true,
			},
		},
	}
};

RaceList["mink"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*mink).*$/i,

	name : "Mink",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 19],

	plural : "Minks",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },

		climb : { spd : 20, enc : 0 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	weaponsAdd : ["Claws"],
	weaponOptions : {
		baseWeapon : "unarmed strike",
		regExpSearch : /claws/i,
		name : "Claws",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 19],
		damage : [1, 6, "slashing"]
	},

	vision : [["Darkvision", 60]],

	dmgres : ["Lightning"],

	skills : ["Perception", "Stealth"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 5 to over 6 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 150 lbs.",

	improvements : "Mink: +1 Strength, +1 Dexterity, +1 Wisdom;",

	scores : [1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0],

	trait : "Mink (+1 Strength, +1 Dexterity, +1 Wisdom)\nDial Proficiency: I innately understand dials that have came from sky islands and can carry one with me. I roll once on the \"Simple Dial Table\" to determine which one I start with.\nAdvanced Dial Proficiency: I start with an additional Dial, allowing me to roll once more on the \"Simple Dial Table\" to determine what other Dial I start with. Additionally, I gain advantage on all checks made to find a dial.",

	features : {

		"sulong transformation" : {
			name : "Sulong Transformation",
			minlevel : 3,
			usages : 1,
			additional : ["", "", "3 lightning damage", "4 lightning damage", "5 lightning damage", "6 lightning damage", "7 lightning damage", "8 lightning damage", "9 lightning damage", "10 lightning damage", "11 lightning damage", "12 lightning damage", "13 lightning damage", "14 lightning damage", "15 lightning damage", "16 lightning damage", "17 lightning damage", "18 lightning damage", "19 lightning damage", "20 lightning damage"],
			recovery : "long rest",
			tooltip : "I can use my action to channel moonlight energy into my body and transform into a powerful bright white primal form with longer hair and enhanced size, bolstering my strength, speed, and electro. My transformation lasts for 1 minute or until I end it as a bonus action. During it, my speed increases by 10 feet, I have advantage on Strength checks, and once on each of my turns, I can deal extra lightning damage to one target when I deal damage to it with an attack or a spell. The extra lightning damage equals to my level. Once I use this trait, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",
			action : ["action"],
		},
	}
};

RaceList["yokai tribesman, longleg"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*yokai)(?=.*tribesman)(?=.*longleg).*$/i,

	name : "Yokai Tribesman, Longleg",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 20],

	plural : "Yokai Tribesmen, Longleg",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 35, enc : 25 },
	},

	toolProfs : [["Any instrument or tool", 1]],

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	skills : ["Intimidation", "Persuasion"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 7 to over 8 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 175 lbs.",

	improvements : "Yokai Tribesman, Longleg: +2 Dexterity, +1 Charisma;",

	scores : [0, 2, 0, 0, 0, 1],

	trait : "Yokai Tribesman, Longleg (+2 Dexterity, +1 Charisma)\nLongleg Strike: When I move on my turn in combat, I can double my speed until the end of the turn. Once I use this trait, I can't use it again until I move 0 feet on one of my turns.",
};

RaceList["yokai tribesman, longarm"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*yokai)(?=.*tribesman)(?=.*longarm).*$/i,

	name : "Yokai Tribesman, Longarm",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 20],

	plural : "Yokai Tribesmen, Longarm",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	toolProfs : [["Any instrument or tool", 1]],

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	skills : ["Intimidation", "Persuasion"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 5 to over 6 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 175 lbs.",

	improvements : "Yokai Tribesman, Longarm: +2 Strength, +1 Charisma;",

	scores : [2, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1],

	trait : "Yokai Tribesman, Longarm (+2 Strength, +1 Charisma)\nLong-Limbed: When I make a melee attack on my turn, my reach for it is 5 feet greater than normal.",

	carryingCapacity : 2,
};

RaceList["yokai tribesman, snakeneck"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*yokai)(?=.*tribesman)(?=.*snakeneck).*$/i,

	name : "Yokai Tribesman, Snakeneck",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 20],

	plural : "Yokai Tribesmen, Snakeneck",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	toolProfs : [["Any instrument or tool", 1]],

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	skills : ["Intimidation", "Persuasion", "Perception"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 6 to over 8 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 175 lbs.",

	improvements : "Yokai Tribesman, Snakeneck: +2 Intelligence, +1 Charisma;",

	scores : [0, 0, 0, 2, 0, 1],

	trait : "Yokai Tribesman, Snakeneck (+2 Intelligence, +1 Charisma)\nQuick Reflexes: I can add my proficiency bonus to my initiative rolls.",
};

RaceList["yokai tribesman, three-eyed"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*yokai)(?=.*tribesman)(?=.*three-eyed).*$/i,

	name : "Yokai Tribesman, Three-Eyed",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 20],

	plural : "Yokai Tribesmen, Three-Eyed",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	toolProfs : [["Any instrument or tool", 1]],

	languageProfs : ["All"],

	vision : [["Darkvision", 60], ["Blindsight", 10]],

	skills : ["Intimidation", "Persuasion"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 5 to over 6 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 175 lbs.",

	improvements : "Yokai Tribesman, Three-Eyed: +2 Wisdom, +1 Charisma;",

	scores : [0, 0, 0, 0, 2, 1],

	trait : "Yokai Tribesman, Three-Eyed (+2 Wisdom, +1 Charisma)\nThird Eye: Three-eyed tribesmen can all speak and understand the universal spoken language of this world. Additionally, some can awaken their third eye to be able to read and understand the language of the Poneglyphs.",
};

RaceList["cyborg"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*cyborg).*$/i,

	name : "Cyborg",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 21],

	plural : "Cyborgs",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	dmgres : ["Poison"],

	savetxt : {

		adv_vs : ["posion"]
	},

	age : ", depending on the way they are augmented, usually live twice as long as their base race",

	height : " range from 5 to over 6 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 225 lbs.",

	improvements : "Cyborg: +2 Constitution, +1 Any;",

	scores : [0, 0, 2, 0, 0, 0],

	trait : "Cyborg (+2 Constitution, +1 Any)\nRefueling: In place of eating food and drinking water each day, I must instead consume an equivalent amount of fuel to what a normal creature of my size would eat. The type of fuel I use can range from cola to gasoline (my choice), which costs roughly ฿5,000. Starvation rules apply to consuming fuel as they would with food for another race.\nMaintenace: Instead of sleeping each day, I instead conduct maintenance on my body during a long rest. This includes oiling my joints, repairing any dents or broken parts, or fixing anything else I need to maintain. This takes at least six hours to complete. I'm able to see and hear normally while I complete these tasks.\nSteel Skin: My body has a layer of defensive metal beneath or replacing my skin, which can be enhanced with armor:\n   I gain a +1 bonus to Armor Class.\n   To reinforce my metal skin, first I must disassemble a piece of mundane or magical armor. After doing so, I must spend an hour consistently incorporating these parts into my skin. Once I'm finished, I gain the AC and bonuses of my chosen armor as if I was wearing it, as well as all of the side-effects of that armor. To remove this armor, I must spend an hour replacing it with artificial skin.\n   This metal skin cannot be removed from my body against my will.",

	extraAC : [{
		mod : 1,
		magic : false,
		text : "I gain a +1 bonus to my AC.",
	}],

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Cyborg Upgrades",
		source : ["D&DFPHB", 22],
		popupName : "Cyborg Upgrades",
		note : "\nI install a weapon or tool feature of my choice listed below into my body. Each time I level up, I can choose to completely replace one of these features with another one. At 5th level, I can install and use a second upgrade feature of my choice:\n   Flail Arm: When I make a unarmed strike or melee weapon attack on my turn that requires my arms to use, I can choose to extend its reach for that attack by 5 feet. I can only use this once on a single melee attack per turn.\n   Flame Breath: I learn the create bonfire cantrip, which I produce from my mouth. Constitution is my Spellcasting Ability for this Spell.\n   Refrigerated Stomach: I may store up to 30 pounds of gear in my body, concealed and protected by my metallic flesh. This also acts to chill and preserve any food or fuel I may want to store.\n   Air Blast: I learn the thunder clap cantrip, which I produce from air emitted from my body. Constitution is my Spellcasting Ability for this spell.\n   Propellar Body: My limbs can rotate at extreme speeds in water, acting as a boat propeller. I gain a swimming speed of 25 feet.\n   Centaur Body: Using an action to morph my lower body into the form of a horse, my speed increases by 10 feet for one minute. Additionally, I have advantage on all Strength checks and I can allow a Medium or smaller creature to use me as a mount for the duration. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I complete a short or long rest.\n  Shape-Memory Allow Body: I gain one skill proficiency and one tool proficiency of my choice, which I can choose to swap out each time I level up.\n   Arsenal Fusion: I can spend an hour incorporating a single weapon I'm proficient with into my body. Upon doing so, I can use this weapon as you normally would. Additionally, this weapon cannot be taken or removed from my body against your will. I may spend an hour to remove this weapon from my body.\n   Night Lens: I can see in dim light within 60 feet of me as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. I can't discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.\n   Headlights: Lights on my body emit bright light in a 20-foot radius and dim light for an additional 20 feet.\n   Extended Flail: This is an upgrade of the \"Flail Arm\" feature, meaning I must also have that upgrade learned in order to learn and use this one as well. My \"Flail Arm\" reach extends to 10 feet.\n   Flamethrower: This is an upgrade of the \"Flame Breath\" feature, meaning I must also have that upgrade learned in order to learn and use this one as well. I learn the burning hands spell cast at the 2nd-Level, which acts as a powerful spray of fire emitted from my body. Constitution is my Spellcasting Ability for this spell. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I complete a long rest.\n   Radical Beam: This is an upgrade of the \"Air Blast\" feature, meaning I must also have that upgrade learned in order to learn and use this one as well. I learn the moonbeam spell, which acts as a powerful explosive laser beam emitted from my body. Constitution is my Spellcasting Ability for this spell. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I complete a long rest.\n   General Cannon: This is an upgrade of the \"Air Blast\" feature, meaning I must also have that upgrade learned in order to learn and use this one as well. I learn the shatter spell, which I produce from air emitted from my body. Constitution is my Spellcasting Ability for this spell. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I complete a long rest.\n   Larger Propellers: This is an upgrade of the \"Propeller Body\" feature, meaning I must also have that upgrade learned in order to learn and use this one as well. I can now spin parts of my body like a propeller to lift me into the air. I now have a flying speed of 10 feet.\n   General Form: This is an upgrade of the \"Centaur Form\" feature, meaning I must also have that upgrade learned in order to learn and use this one as well. I can now transform my body into a larger robotic form until I run out of energy. I can cast the enlarge/reduce spell on yourself once with this trait, using only the spell's enlarge option, appearing to transform into a larger metal version of myself. I regain the ability to cast this spell with this trait when I finish a long rest.\n   Advanced Shape-Memory Alloy: This is an upgrade of the \"Shape-Memory Alloy Body\" feature, meaning I must also have that upgrade learned in order to learn and use this one as well. I learn an additional skill of my choice. Additionally, I learn the shield spell. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I complete a long rest.\n   Grand Arsenal: This is an upgrade of the \"Arsenal Infusion\" feature, meaning I must also have that upgrade learned in order to learn and use this one as well. I'm able to implement one more weapon into my body using \"Arsenal Infusion\".",
	}]
};

RaceList["dwarf, tontatta tribe"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dwarf)(?=.*tontatta)(?=.*tribe).*$/i,

	name : "Dwarf, Tontatta Tribe",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 23],

	plural : "Dwarves, Tontatta Tribe",

	size : 5,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	dmgres : ["Poison"],

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["poison"],
	},

	skills : ["Acrobatics", "Stealth"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 1 to 2 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 30 lbs.",

	improvements : "Dwarf, Tontatta Tribe: +2 Strength, +1 Dexterity;",

	scores : [2, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0],

	trait : "Dwarf, Tontatta Tribe (+2 Strength, +1 Dexterity)\nGlass Cannon: My HP maximum decreases by 1, and it decreases by 1 every time I gain a level.",

	carryingCapacity : 4,

	features : {

		"swift fury" : {
			name : "Swift Fury",
			minlevel : 3,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
			spellcastingBonus : {
				name : "Swift Fury",
				spells : ["zephyr strike"],
				selection : ["zephyr strike"],
				oncelr : true,
			},
		},

		"swift fury, 5th level" : {
			name : "Swift Fury, 5th Level",
			minlevel : 5,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
			spellcastingBonus : {
				name : "Merfolk Combat (level 5)",
				spells : ["kinetic jaunt"],
				selection : ["kinetic jaunt"],
				oncelr : true,
			},
		},
	}
};

RaceList["dwarf, automata"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dwarf)(?=.*automata).*$/i,

	name : "Dwarf, Automata",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 23],

	plural : "Dwarves, Automata",

	size : 4,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	dmgres : ["Poison"],

	savetxt : {

		text : ["Magic can't put me to sleep"],

		immune : ["disease"],

		adv_vs : ["posion"]
	},

	skillstxt : "Choose any one skill and weapon",

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 3 to 4 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 150 lbs.",

	improvements : "Dwarf, Automata: +2 Constitution, +1 Dexterity;",

	scores : [0, 1, 2, 0, 0, 0],

	trait : "Dwarf, Automata (+2 Constitution, +1 Dexterity)\nProgrammed Minds: I'm immune to abilities that allow other creatures to read my thoughts.\nElectric-Powered: I'm immune to lightning damage. Additionally, if I'm hit by an ability that would deal lightning damage, my attack rolls have advantage until the end of my next turn.\nRobotic Resilience: I was created to have remarkable fortitude, represented by the following benefits:\n   I don’t need to eat, drink, or breathe.\n   I don’t need to sleep, and magic can't put me to sleep.",

	extraAC : [{
		mod : 1,
		magic : false,
		text : "I gain a +1 bonus to my AC.",
	}],
};

RaceList["lunarian"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*lunarian).*$/i,

	name : "Lunarian",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 24],

	plural : "Lunarians",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 25, enc : 15 },

		fly : { spd : 50, enc : 0 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	dmgres : ["Fire"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 100 years",

	height : " range from 7 to 8 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 300 lbs.",

	improvements : "Dwarf, Automata: +2 Constitution, +1 Dexterity;",

	scores : [0, 1, 2, 0, 0, 0],

	trait : "Dwarf, Automata (+2 Constitution, +1 Dexterity)\nProgrammed Minds: I'm immune to abilities that allow other creatures to read my thoughts.\nElectric-Powered: I'm immune to lightning damage. Additionally, if I'm hit by an ability that would deal lightning damage, my attack rolls have advantage until the end of my next turn.\nRobotic Resilience: I was created to have remarkable fortitude, represented by the following benefits:\n   I don’t need to eat, drink, or breathe.\n   I don’t need to sleep, and magic can't put me to sleep.",

	spellcastingAbility : 3,

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Ignite",

		spells : ["produce flame"],

		selection : ["produce flame"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},

	features : {

		"ignite, 3rd level" : {
			name : "Ignite, 3rd Level",
			minlevel : 3,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
			spellcastingBonus : {
				name : "Ignite (level 3)",
				spells : ["burning hands"],
				selection : ["burning hands"],
				oncelr : true,
			},
		},

		"ignite, 5th level" : {
			name : "Ignite, 5th Level",
			minlevel : 5,
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
			spellcastingBonus : {
				name : "Ignite (level 5)",
				spells : ["flame blade"],
				selection : ["flame blade"],
				oncelr : true,
			},
		},
	}
};

RaceList["elbaf giant"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*elbaf)(?=.*giant).*$/i,

	name : "Elbaf Giant",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 25],

	plural : "Elbaf Giants",

	size : 0,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 40, enc : 30 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	weaponprofs : [false, false, ["battleaxe", "handaxe", "spear", "light hammer", "longsword", "club"]],

	skills : ["Athletics", "Intimidation"],

	age : " reach adulthood in their late teens and live around 300 years",

	height : " range from 50 to 60 feet tall.",

	weight : " weigh around 2000 lbs.",

	improvements : "Elbaf Giant: +4 Strength, +4 Constitution, -2 Dexterity, -3 Intelligence;",

	scores : [4, -2, 4, -3, 0, 0],

	trait : "Elbaf Giant (+4 Strength, +4 Constitution, -2 Dexterity, -3 Intelligence)\nOverwhelming Charisma: Whenever I complete a long rest with my party, I can choose to spend 5 minutes making an inspiring speech, granting up to 5 allied creatures of my choice gain temporary HP equal to my proficiency bonus.",

	scoresMaximum : [24, 0, 24, 0, 0, 0],
};

ClassList["bruiser"] = {

	name : "Bruiser",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*bruiser).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 27],

	primaryAbility : "Strength and Constituiton",

	prereqs : "Strength 13 and Constitution 13",

	die : 12,

	improvements : [0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5],

	saves : ["Str", "Con"],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Bruiser") + ": Choose two from Acrobatics, Athletics, Persuasion, Intimidation, Perception, Animal Handling, and Survival.", "\n\n" + toUni("Bruiser") + ": None."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[true, false, ["cutlass"]],
		[true, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Bruiser starting equipment:\n \u2022 A cutlass -or- any simple weapon;\n \u2022 A pirate's pack -or- an explorer's pack;\n \u2022 A set of artisan's tools -or- a gaming set.",

	subclasses : ["Brawling Style", [""]],

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2],

	abilitySave : 3,

	features : {

		"scrapper" : {
			name : "Scrapper",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 28],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "I gain the following benefits while I'm unarmed or wielding only bruiser weapons and I'm not wearing armorand not wielding a shield:\n   I can roll a d6 in place of the normal damage of my unarmed strike or bruiser weapon. This die changes as I gain bruiser levels.\n   When I use the Attack action with an unarmed strike or a bruiser weapon on my turn, I can make one unarmed strike or grapple as a bonus action.",
			additional : ["1d6", "1d6", "1d6", "1d6", "1d8", "1d8", "1d8", "1d8", "1d8", "1d8", "1d10", "1d10", "1d10", "1d10", "1d10", "1d10", "1d12", "1d12", "1d12", "1d12"],
		},

		"unarmored defense" : {
			name : "Unarmored Defense",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 28],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "While I'm not wearing any armor and not using a shield, my Armor Class equals 10 + my Dexterity modifier + my Constitution modifier.",
			extraAC : [{
				mod : "Con",
				magic : false,
				text : "I add my Constituion modifier to AC while I'm not wearing armor or using a shield.",
				stopeval : function (v) { return v.wearingArmor; }
			}],
		},

		"fury" : {
			name : "Fury",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 28],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "My training allows me to harness Fury, raw power and energy that stems from my spirit. My access to this energy is represented by a number of Fury Points. My bruiser level determines the number of points I have. I can spend these points to fuel various Fury features. I start knowing three such features: Machine Gun Blows, Brute Force, and Brace for Impact. When I spend a Fury Point, it is unavailable until I finish a short or long rest, at the end of which I draw all of my expended Fury back into myself. I must spend at least 30 minutes of the rest training to regain my Fury Points.",
			additional : ["", "2 Fury Points", "2 Fury Points", "3 Fury Points", "3 Fury Points", "4 Fury Points", "4 Fury Points", "5 Fury Points", "5 Fury Points", "6 Fury Points", "6 Fury Points", "7 Fury Points", "7 Fury Points", "8 Fury Points", "8 Fury Points", "9 Fury Points", "9 Fury Points", "10 Fury Points", "10 Fury Points", "12 Fury Points"],
			extraname : "Fury Features",
			extrachoices : ["Machine Gun Blows", "Brute Force", "Brace for Impact"],
			extraTimes : 2,
			autoSelectExtrachoices : [{ extrachoice : ["machine gun blows", "brute force", "brace for impact"] }],
			"machine gun blows" : {
				name : "Machine Gun Blows",
				description : "\n   " + "Immediately after I take the attack action on my turn, I can spend 1 Fury Point to make two unarmed strikes or bruiser weapon attacks as a bonus action.",
			},

			"brute force" : {
				name : "Brute Force",
				description : "\n   " + "I can use a bonus action and expend 1 Fury Point to make a shove attack or take the dash action.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},

			"brace for impact" : {
				name : "Brace for Impact",
				description : "\n   " + "I can use a bonus action and spend 1 Fury Point to prepare for any incoming attack. I gain a number of temporary HP equal to my scrapper die + my bruiser level.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
		},

		"charge right through" : {
			name : "Charge Right Through",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 28],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "So long as I have at least 1 Fury Point remaining, I have advantage on Constitution saving throws against traps, spells, poison, disease, or breath attacks. To gain this benefit, I can’t be incapacitated.",
		},

		"blood for brawn" : {
			name : "Blood for Brawn",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 28],
			minlevel : 3,
			description : "\n   " + "When I'm reduced to half my HP maximum or less, I can use my reaction to gain temporary HP equal to a roll of my scrapper die + my bruiser level and I regain all expended Fury Points. I cannot use this feature again until I finish a short or long rest.",
		},

		"subclassfeature3" : {
			name : "Brawling Style",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 28],
			minlevel : 3,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose and develop a way of brawling that best defines my fighting style: Black Fist Style, Dragon Style, or Beast Style.",
		},

		"thrill of the fight" : {
			name : "Thrill of the Fight",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 29],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I enter a bloodthirsty frenzy. While frenzied, I gain the following benefits and downsides as long as I'm not using a shield or wearing heavy armor:\n   I have advantage on Strength checks and Strength saving throws.\n   I have resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage.\n   When a creature I can see within 5 feet of me hits me with a melee attack, I can use my reaction to make an unarmed strike or bruiser weapon attack against the creature.\n   Attack rolls against me have advantage.\nIf I'm able to cast spells, I can't cast them or concentrate on them while in my frenzy. My frenzy lasts for 1 minute. It ends early if I'm knocked unconscious or if my turn ends and I haven't attacked a hostile creature since my last turn or taken damage since then. I can also end my frenzy on your turn as a bonus action. Once have used my frenzy a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, I must finish a long rest before I can enter it again.",
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
			action : ["bonus action"]
		},

		"rampage" : {
			name : "Rampage",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 29],
			minlevel : 5,
			description : "\n   " + "When I hit a target with an unarmed strike or bruiser weapon, I can choose to deal additional damage to it equal to my scrapper die. If I do so, I must roll another scrapper die and deal the result in force damage to myself as a part of the attack.",
		},

		"fast movement" : {
			name : "Fast Movement",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 29],
			minlevel : 5,
			description : "\n   " + "My speed increases by 10 feet while I'm not wearing heavy armor.",
		},

		"spirit assault" : {
			name : "Spirit Assault",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 29],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "My unarmed strikes and bruiser weapon count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance and immunity to non-magical attacks and damage.",
		},

		"frenzied rush" : {
			name : "Frenzied Rush",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 29],
			minlevel : 7,
			description : "\n   " + "As part of the bonus action I take to enter my frenzy, I can move up to half my speed. Additionally, if I'm surprised at the beginning of combat and not incapacitated, I can act normally on my first turn, but only if I enter my frenzy before doing anything else on that turn.",
		},

		"unbending resolve" : {
			name : "Unbending Resolve",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 29],
			minlevel : 7,
			description : "\n   " + "I can use my action to end one effect on myself that is causing me to be charmed or frightened.",
			action : ["action"]
		},

		"brutal frenzy" : {
			name : "Brutal Frenzy",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 30],
			minlevel : 9,
			description : "\n   " + "When I'm using my frenzy, my unarmed strikes and bruiser weapon deals an extra amount of damage equal to half my proficiency bonus (rounded up).",
		},

		"unbreakable" : {
			name : "Unbreakable",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 30],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "I don't need to have 1 Fury Point remaining to use the \"Charge Right Through\" feature. Additionally, I'm immune to disease and poison.",
			savetxt : {

				immune : ["poison", "disease"],
			},
		},

		"undying frenzy" : {
			name : "Undying Frenzy",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 30],
			minlevel : 13,
			description : "\n   " + "If I drop to 0 HP while I'm in a frenzy and don't die outright, I can make a DC 10 Constitution saving throw. If I succeed, I drop to 1 HP instead. Each time I use this feature after the first, the DC increases by 5. When I finish a short or long rest, the DC resets to 10.",
		},

		"focused fury" : {
			name : "Focused Fury",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 30],
			minlevel : 14,
			description : "\n   " + "I regain 1 expended Fury Point whenever I enter my frenzy. Additionally, whenever I make any saving throw and fail, I can spend 1 Fury Point to reroll it and take the second result.",
		},

		"tireless training" : {
			name : "Tireless Training",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 30],
			minlevel : 15,
			description : "\n   " + "My carrying capacity is doubled. My standard jumping distance is the same as my running start jump distance. Additionally, when I gain a level of exhaustion from a forced march, I can choose to ignore it. I cannot use this feature this way again until I complete a long rest.",
		},

		"invincible" : {
			name : "Invincible",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 30],
			minlevel : 18,
			description : "\n   " + "When I use my \"Brace for Impact\" fury feature during my frenzy, I now have resistance to all damage except force until the start of my next turn.",
		},

		"the king" : {
			name : "The King",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 30],
			minlevel : 20,
			description : "\n   " + "My Strength and Constitution scores increase by 2. My maximum for those scores is now 22. Additionally, when I complete a long rest, I regain all expended hit dice instead of half my expended hit dice.",
			improvements : "The King: +2 Strength, +2 Constitution;",
			scores : [2, 0, 2, 0, 0, 0],
			scoresMaximum : [22, 0, 22, 0, 0, 0],
		},
	}
}

AddSubClass(

	"bruiser",

	"black fist style",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*black)(?=.*fist)(?=.*style).*$/i,

		subname : "Black Fist Style",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 31],

		skillstxt : "Athletics proficiency; if already proficient, choose one from Acrobatics or Insight.",

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Demon Stance",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 31],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "When I reduce a creature within 5 feet of me to 0 HP, I gain temporary HP equal to my Constitution modifier + my Bruiser level (minimum of 1 temporary HP).",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Haki-Coated",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 31],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "I may unlock any one \"Uncommon\" Color of Armament Haki Advancement feat. If I have already taken all the uncommon Armament Haki feats, I may take an uncommon Haki advancement feat under a different color of Haki, assuming I meet the prerequisites.",
			},
			"subclassfeature11" : {
				name : "Bone Crusher",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 31],
				minlevel : 11,
				description : "\n   " + "I can perform a variety of combat maneuvers while I'm grappling an opponent within 5 feet of me:\n   I can perform a mighty headbutt on a creature I'm grappling. If I deal damage with an unarmed strike against a creature I'm grappling, their attacks will have disadvantage until the start of my next turn. I can only use this once per turn.\n   I can perform a backbreaker on a creature I'm grappling. If I deal damage with an unarmed strike against a creature I'm grappling, I can spend 1 Fury Point to attempt to stun them. The target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or be stunned until the end of my next turn. I can only use this once per turn.\n   When I take the attack action, I may spend 1 or more Fury Points to perform a suplex on a creature my size or larger I'm grappling. They must make a Constitution saving throw against my Fury Save DC. On a failed save, the target takes the number of Fury Points spent + 3 scrapper die in bludgeoning damage and is knocked prone, or only takes half as much damage on a successful one. After this effect is used, the grapple ends.",
			},
			"subclassfeature17" : {
				name : "Black Fist Master",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 31],
				minlevel : 17,
				description : "\n   " + "I may unlock any one \"Very Rare\" or lower Color of Armament Haki Advancement feat. If I have already taken all the very rare and lower Armament Haki feats, I may take a very rare or lower Haki advancement feat under a different color of Haki, assuming I meet the prerequisites.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"bruiser",

	"dragon style",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dragon)(?=.*style).*$/i,

		subname : "Dragon Style",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 32],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Dragon Stance",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 32],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "When I damage a target with an unarmed strike or bruiser weapon attack, I can change the damage type to fire, cold, or lightning.",
			},
			"subclassfeature3.1" : {
				name : "Dragon's Breath",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 32],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "When I take the Attack action on my turn, I can spend 1 Fury Point replace one of the attacks with a burst of draconic energy in either a 15-foot cone or a 30-foot line that is 5 feet wide (my choice). I choose a damage type: fire, cold, or lightning. Each creature in the area must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Fury save DC, taking damage of the chosen type equal to two rolls of my Scrapper die on a failure, or half as much damage on a success. At 11th level, the damage of my breath increases to three rolls of my Scrapper die.",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Thunderous Leap",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 32],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "When I use \"Brute Force\", instead of taking the shove attack or dash action, I can teleport up to 30 feet toward a point I can see and gain advantage on my next attack.",
			},
			"subclassfeature11" : {
				name : "Conqueror of Three Worlds",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 32],
				minlevel : 11,
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I can expend 2 Fury Points to hit the ground, where it erupts everything around me with energy for a brief but deadly instant. Any creature of my choice within 20 feet of me must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Fury save DC. A creature takes fire, thunder, or lightning damage equal to two scrapper die + my Constitution modiifer on a failed saving throw, and half as much damage on a successful one.",
				action : ["action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature17" : {
				name : "Dragon Emperor",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 32],
				minlevel : 17,
				description : "\n   " + "When I enter into my frenzy using \"Thrill of the Fight\", I surround myself with an aura of draconic spirit energy for 1 minute. I shed bright light in a 30-foot radius and dim light for an additional 30 feet from this aura. I can extinguish or restore the light as a bonus action. I gain the following abilities while this effect is active:\n   If an enemy I can see hits you with an attack within 30 feet, I can use my reaction to deal a Scrapper die in fire, cold, or lightning damage to them.\n   When I damage a creature with my \"Dragon's Breath\", the energy clings to the target if they failed the save. At the start of each of the creature's turns, it takes damage of the type dealt equal to one roll of my Scrapper die. At the end of its turn, the creature can repeat the save, ending the effect on itself on a success.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"bruiser",

	"beast style",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*beast)(?=.*style).*$/i,

		subname : "Beast Style",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 33],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Beast Stance",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 33],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "We both learn to coordinate in battle using my brawling techniques. We share the following Fury abilities:\n   Machine Gun Blows: When I use this fury ability, my companion can make one or both attacks instead of me.\n   Brute Force: When I use this fury ability, my companion can take the dash action.\n   Brace for Impact: When I gain temporary HP from this fury ability, my companion also gains the same amount of temporary HP.",
			},
			"subclassfeature3.1" : {
				name : "Beast Companion",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 33],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "With 8 hours of work and the expenditure of ฿250,000 worth of rare herbs or fine food, I discover an animal to serve as my faithful companion. I normally select my companion from among the following animals: an ape, a black bear, a boar, a giant badger, a giant weasel, a mule, a panther, or a wolf. However, my DM might also pick one of these animals for me, based on the surrounding terrain and on what types of creatures would logically be present in the area. At the end of the 8 hours, my beast companion appears and gains all the benefits of my Companion's Bond ability. I can have only one animal companion at a time. If my beast companion is ever slain, the bond we share allows me to return it to life by reincarnating it. With 8 hours of work and the expenditure of ฿250,000 worth of rare herbs or fine food, I call forth my companion's spirit to find a new body for it. I can return a beast companion to life in this manner in any location, even without having its body with me. If I use this ability to return a former animal companionto life while I have a current beast companion, my current companion leaves me and is replaced by the restored companion.",
				toNotesPage : [{
					name : "Companion's Bond",
					source : ["D&DFPHB", 33],
					popupName : "Companion's Bond",
					note : "\nMy animal companion gains a variety of benefits while it is linked to me. The animal companion loses its Multiattack action, if it has one. The companion obeys my commands as best it can. I can use a bonus action on each of my turns to verbally command my companion to take the Attack, Dash, Disengage, Dodge, or Help action that turn. It can also use its movement at any point during my turn. It does not have its own turn unless I'm incapacitated or absent, in which case my companion acts on its own and rolls initiative. My companion never requires my command to use its reaction, such as when making an opportunity attack. My animal companion has abilities and game statistics determined in part by my level. My companion uses my proficiency bonus rather than its own. I add my proficiency bonus to my companion’s AC, saving throws, attack rolls, and damage rolls. My animal companion gains proficiency in two skills of my choice. It also becomes proficient with all saving throws. For each level I gain after 3rd, my animal companion gains an additional hit die determined by the creature's hit dice and increases its HP and maximum by rolling its hit die and adding its Constitution modifier to the total, then increasing its maximum HP by that amount. Whenever I gain the Ability Score Improvement class feature, my companion’s abilities also improve. My companion can increase one ability score of my choice by 2, or it can increase two ability scores of my choice by 1. As normal, my companion can't increase an ability score above 20 using this feature unless its description specifies otherwise. My companion shares my interests and alignment, and has personality traits and a design of my choice (with DM assistance if required.)",
				}]
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Bestial Spirit Assault",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 33],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "My companion's attacks also count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance and immunity to non-magical attacks and damage.",
			},
			"subclassfeature6.1" : {
				name : "Primal Coordination",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 33],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "When I use the attack action on my turn, if my companion can see me, it can use its reaction to make a melee attack.",
			},
			"subclassfeature11" : {
				name : "Vicious Mauling",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 33],
				minlevel : 11,
				description : "\n   " + "I can spend 1 Fury Point as a bonus action to have my beast companion make a melee attack against each creature of its choice within 5 feet of it, with a separate attack roll for each target.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature17" : {
				name : "Chain Frenzy",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 33],
				minlevel : 17,
				description : "\n   " + "When I enter my frenzy using \"Thrill of the Fight\", my beast companion also gains certain benefits. It gains resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage and deals an extra amount of damage on each of its attacks equal to half of my proficiency bonus (rounded up) for 1 minute unless it falls unconscious or my frenzy ends early.",
			},
		}
	}
);

[//chemist spells
	"control flames", "create bonfire", "druidcraft", "frostbite", "guidance", "gust", "infestation", "magic stone", "mending", "mold earth", "poison spray", "primal savagery", "produce flame", "resistance", "shillelagh", "thorn whip", "thunderclap", "absorb elements", "animal friendship", "beast bond", "charm person", "create or destroy water", "cure wounds", "detect magic", "detect poison and disease", "earth tremor", "entangle", "faerie fire", "fog cloud", "goodberry", "healing word", "ice knife", "jump", "longstrider", "protection from evil and good", "purify food and drink", "snare", "speak with animals", "thunderwave", "air bubble", "animal messenger", "barkskin", "beast sense", "continual flame", "darkvision", "dust devil", "earthbind", "enhance ability", "enlarge/reduce", "find traps", "flame blade", "gust of wind", "healing spirit", "heat metal", "hold person", "lesser restoration", "locate animals or plants", "locate object", "moonbeam", "pass without trace", "protection from poison", "skywrite", "spike growth", "summon beast", "warding wind", "wither and bloom", "aura vitality", "call lightning", "conjure animals", "daylight", "dispel magic", "elemental weapon", "erupting earth", "feign death", "flame arrows", "meld into stone", "plant growth", "protection from energy", "revivify", "sleet storm", "soap bubble", "speak with plants", "summon fey", "slime wave", "wall of goo", "water breathing", "water walk", "wind wall", "blight", "charm monster", "confusion", "conjure minor elementals", "conjure woodland beings", "control water", "divination", "dominate beast", "elemental bane", "fire shield", "freedom of movement", "giant insect", "grasping vine", "hallucinatory terrain", "ice storm", "locate creature", "polymorph", "stone shape", "summon elemental", "swamp sphere", "wall of fire", "antilife shell", "awaken", "cone of cold", "conjure elemental", "contagion", "control winds", "geas", "greater restoration", "insect plague", "mass cure wounds", "planar binding", "scrying", "summon draconic spirit", "transmute rock", "wall of stone", "wrath of nature", "bones of the earth", "conjure fey", "find the path", "flesh to stone", "heal", "heroes' feast", "investiture of flame", "investiture of ice", "investiture of stone", "investiture of wind", "move earth", "primordial wind", "sunbeam", "wall of thorns", "wind walk", "draconic transformation", "fire storm", "mirage arcane", "regenerate", "reverse gravity", "symbol", "whirlwind", "animal shapes", "antipathy/sympathy", "control weather", "earthquake", "feeblemind", "incendiary cloud", "poison giant: hell's judgement", "slime tsunami", "sunburst", "foresight", "ice age", "locate devil fruit power", "shapechange", "storm of vengeance", "true resurrection"
].forEach( function (s) {
	if(SpellsList[s] && SpellsList[s].classes && SpellsList[s].classes.indexOf("chemist") === -1) SpellsList[s].classes.push("chemist");
});

ClassList["chemist"] = {

	name : "Chemist",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*chemist).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 34],

	primaryAbility : "Wisdom",

	prereqs : "Wisdom 13",

	die : 8,

	improvements : [0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5],

	saves : ["Int", "Wis"],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Chemist") + ": Choose two from Arcana, Animal Handling, Insight, Medicine, Nature, Perception, Religion, and Survival.", "\n\n" + toUni("Chemist") + ": None."],

	toolProfs : {
		primary : [["Herbalism kit"], ["Alchemist's supplies"]],
		secondary : [[""]]
	},

	armor : [
		[true, true, false, true],
		[true, true, false, true]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, ["club", "dagger", "dart", "javelin", "mace", "quarterstaff", "scimitar", "sickle", "sling", "spear"]],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Chemist starting equipment:\n \u2022 A shield -or- any simple weapon;\n \u2022 A scimitar -or- any simple melee weapon;\n \u2022 Thick shirt, an explorer's pack, and alchemist's supplies.",

	subclasses : ["Chemist Study", [""]],

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	abilitySave : 5,

	spellcastingFactor : 1,

	spellcastingKnown : {

		cantrips : [2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4],

		spells : [2, 3, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 16, 17, 17, 18, 18, 19, 19, 19, 19],

		prepared : true,

	},

	spellcastingList : {

		class : "chemist",
	},

	features : {

		"alchemical studies" : {
			name : "Alchemical Studies",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 35],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "I understand how to read alchemical symbols written in ancient blueprints or advanced technology. These symbols are a secret code thought up by the brightest alchemists in the past, and I can quickly and intuitively understand their secret meaning. Me and others who know this language automatically spot such a message. Others spot the message's presence with a successful DC 15 Perception check but can't decipher it without special powers.",
		},

		"monster mutation" : {
			name : "Monster Mutation",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 36],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "Using a chemical concoction to alter my lineage factor, I can use my action to transform myself into the form of an abomination. I can use this feature twice. I regain expended uses when I finish a short or long rest. My chemist level determines the abomination I can transform into. I can stay in my abomination form for a number of hours equal to half my chemist level (rounded down). I then revert to my normal form unless I expend another use of this feature. I can revert to my normal form earlier by using a bonus action on my turn. I automatically revert if I fall unconscious, drop to 0 HP, or die.",
			additional : ["", "Tooth Abomination", "Tooth Abomination", "Claw/Fin Abomination", "Claw/Fin Abomination", "Claw/Fin Abomination", "Claw/Fin Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination", "Wing/Beast Abomination"],
			usages : 2,
			recovery : "short rest",
			action : ["action"],
			toNotesPage : [{
				name : "Monster Mutation Features",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 36],
				popupName : "Monster Mutation Features",
				note : "\nWhile I'm transformed, the following rules apply:\n   My game statistics are replaced by the statistics of the abomination, but I retain my alignment, personality, and Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma scores. I also retain all of my skill and saving throw proficiencies, in addition to gaining those of the creature. If the creature has the same proficiency as me and the bonus in its stat block is higher than mine, use the creature's bonus instead of mine. If the creature has any legendary or lair actions, I can't use them.\n   When I transform, I assume the abomination's HP and hit dice. When I revert to your normal form, I return to the number of HP I had before I transformed. However, if I revert as a result of dropping to 0 HP, any excess damage carries over to my normal form. As long as the excess damage doesn't reduce my normal form to 0 HP, I'm not knocked unconscious.\n   I can't cast spells, and my ability to speak or take any action that requires hands is limited to the capabilities of my abomination form. Transforming doesn't break my concentration on a spell I've already cast, however, or prevent me from taking actions that are part of a spell, such as call lightning, that I've already cast.\n   If I have Devil Fruit powers, I cannot use them while in this form, as my lineage factor is temporarily disrupted.\n   I retain the benefit of any features from my class, race, or other source and can use them if the new form is physically capable of doing so. However, I can't use any of my special senses, such as darkvision, unless my new form also has that sense.\n   I choose whether my equipment falls to the ground in my space, merges into my new form, or is worn by it. Worn equipment functions as normal, but the DM decides whether it is practical for the new form to wear a piece of equipment, based on the creature's shape and size. My equipment doesn't change size or shape to match the new form, and any equipment that the new form can't wear must either fall to the ground or merge with it. Equipment that merges with the form has no effect until I leave the form.",
			}]
		},

		"subclassfeature2" : {
			name : "Chemist Study",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 36],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose to study an additional field of science alongside chemistry, incorporating the two together. I choose Botany, Medicine, or Genetics.",
		},

		"immortality research" : {
			name : "Immortality Reserch",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 37],
			minlevel : 18,
			description : "\n   " + "For every 10 years that pass, my body ages only 1 year. This medicine only works on me.",
		},

		"abomination powers" : {
			name : "Abomination Powers",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 37],
			minlevel : 18,
			description : "\n   " + "I can cast many of my spells in any shape I assume using my \"Monster Mutation\". I can perform the somatic and verbal components of a spell while in an abomination form, but I'm noy able to provide material components.",
		},

		"perfected mutation" : {
			name : "Perfected Mutation",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 37],
			minlevel : 20,
			description : "\n   " + "I can use my \"Monster Mutation\" an unlimited number of times. Additionally, I can ignore the verbal and somatic components of my chemist spells, as well as any material components that lack a cost and aren't consumed by a spell. I gain this benefit in both my normal shape and my abomination form.",
		},
	}
}

AddSubClass(

	"chemist",

	"botany",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*botany).*$/i,

		subname : "Botany",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 37],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature2" : {
				name : "Herbal Remedy",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 37],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "During a short rest, I choose expended spell power slots to recover. The spell slots can have a combined level that is equal to or less than half my chemist level (rounded up), and none of the slots can be 6th level or higher. I can't use this feature again until I finish a long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Field Invention Specialty",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 38],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "I choose an enviroment to gain the extra spells from.",
				choices : ["Arctic", "Coast", "Desert", "Forest", "Grassland", "Mountain", "Swamp", "Underground"],
				choicesNotInMenu : false,
				"arctic" : {
					name : "Arctic Field Invention Specialty",
					description : "\n   " + "I learn additional spells based on the arctic enviroment.",
					spellcastingExtra : ["hold person", "spike growth", "sleet storm", "slow", "freedom of movement", "ice storm", "commune with nature", "cone of cold"],
				},

				"coast" : {
					name : "Coast Field Invention Specialty",
					description : "\n   " + "I learn additional spells based on the coast enviroment.",
					spellcastingExtra : ["mirror image", "misty step", "water breathing", "water walk", "freedom of movement", "control water", "conjure elemental", "scrying"],
				},

				"desert" : {
					name : "Desert Field Invention Specialty",
					description : "\n   " + "I learn additional spells based on the desert enviroment.",
					spellcastingExtra : ["blur", "silence", "create food and water", "protection from energy", "blight", "hallucinatory terrain", "insect plauge", "wall of stone"],
				},

				"forest" : {
					name : "Forest Field Invention Specialty",
					description : "\n   " + "I learn additional spells based on the forest enviroment.",
					spellcastingExtra : ["barkskin", "spider climb", "call lightning", "plant growth", "freedom of movement", "divination", "commune with nature", "tree stride"],
				},

				"grassland" : {
					name : "Grassland Field Invention Specialty",
					description : "\n   " + "I learn additional spells based on the grassland enviroment.",
					spellcastingExtra : ["invisibility", "pass without trace", "daylight", "haste", "freedom of movement", "divination", "dream", "insect plauge"],
				},

				"mountain" : {
					name : "Mountain Field Invention Specialty",
					description : "\n   " + "I learn additional spells based on the mountain enviroment.",
					spellcastingExtra : ["spider climb", "spike growth", "lightning bolt", "meld into stone", "stone shape", "stoneskin", "passwall", "wall of stone"],
				},

				"swamp" : {
					name : "Swamp Field Invention Specialty",
					description : "\n   " + "I learn additional spells based on the swamp enviroment.",
					spellcastingExtra : ["darkness", "melf's acid arrow", "water walk", "stinking cloud", "freedom of movement", "locate creature", "insect plauge", "scrying"],
				},

				"underground" : {
					name : "Underground Field Invention Specialty",
					description : "\n   " + "I learn additional spells based on the underground enviroment.",
					spellcastingExtra : ["spider climb", "web", "gaseous form", "stinking cloud", "greater invisibility", "stone shape", "cloudkill", "insect plague"],
				},
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Nature's Step",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 38],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "Moving through non-magical difficult terrain costs me no extra movement. I can also pass through non-magical plants without being slowed by themand without taking damage from them if they have thorns, spines, or a similar hazard. In addition, I have advantage on saving throws against plants that are magically created or manipulated to impede movement, such as those created by the entangle spell.",
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Botainist's Antidote",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 38],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "I can't be charmed or frightened by elementals or fey, and I'm immune to poison and disease.",
				savetxt : {

					immune : ["poison", "disease"],
				},
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Natural Repellent",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "When a beast or plant creature attacks me, that creature must make a Wisdom saving throw against my chemist invention save DC. On a failed save, the creature must choose a different target, or the attack automatically misses. On a successful save, the creature is immune to this effect for 24 hours. The creature is aware of this effect before it makes its attack against me.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"chemist",

	"medicine",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*medicine).*$/i,

		subname : "Medicine",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature2" : {
				name : "Healing Balm",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "I develop a healing spray that works on allies even from a distance. I have a supply of this medicine represented by a number of d6s equal to my chemist level. As a bonus action, I can choose an ally I can see within 120 feet of me and spend a number of those dice equal to half my chemist level or less. Roll the spent dice and add them together. The target regains a number of HP equal to the total. The target also gains 1 temporary HP per die spent. I regain the expended dice when I finish a long rest.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Medical Tent",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "During a short or long rest, I can set up a sensor that detects intruders up to a 30-foot radius around the tent where my allies rest. While in the sensor's radius, me and my allies gain a +5 bonus to Stealth and Perception checks, and any light from open flames in the radius (a campfire, torches, or the like) isn't visible outside the radius. The sensor vanishes at the end of the rest or when I leave the radius.",
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Instant Rescue",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action on my turn, I can teleport up to 60 feet to an unoccupied space I can see. Alternatively, I can use my action to teleport one willing creature I touch up to 30 feet to an unoccupied space I can see. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my Wisdom modifier (minimum of once), and I regain all expended uses of it when I finish a long rest.",
				usages : "Wisdom modifier per ",
				usagescalc : "event.value = Math.max(1, What('Wis Mod'));",
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Brain Imaging",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "When I finish a short rest, I can cast one of the following spells, without expending a spell slot or requiring material components: dream (with me as the messenger) and scrying. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"chemist",

	"genetics",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*genetics).*$/i,

		subname : "Genetics",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature2" : {
				name : "Combat Mutation",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain the ability to use \"Monster Mutation\" on my turn as a bonus action, rather than as an action. Additionally, while I'm transformed by my \"Monster Mutation\", I can use a bonus action to expend one spell slot to regain 1d8 HP per level of the spell slot expended.",
			},
			"subclassfeature2.1" : {
				name : "Special Monster Mutations",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "I can use my \"Monster Mutation\" to transform into the Claw or Beast Abomination. Starting at 6th level, I also gain the ability to transform into special abominations listed in the below advanced table, determined by my Chemist level.",
				additional : ["", "None", "None", "None", "None", "Hunter Abomination", "Hunter Abomination", "Hunter Abomination", "Stinger Abomination", "Stinger Abomination", "Stinger Abomination", "Tusk Abomination", "Tusk Abomination", "Tusk Abomination", "Crusher Abomination", "Crusher Abomination", "Crusher Abomination", "Muscle Abomination", "Muscle Abomination", "Muscle Abomination"],
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Monsterous Strikes",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "My attacks in abomination form count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance and immunity to non-magical attacks and damage.",
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Elemental Mutation",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "I can expend two uses of \"Monster Mutation\" at the same time to transform into an air elemental, an earth elemental, a fire elemental, or a water elemental instead of an abomination.",
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Thousand Mutations",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 39],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast the alter self spell at will.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Thousand Mutations",

					spells : ["alter self"],

					selection : ["alter self"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},
		}
	}
);

CreatureList["tooth abomination"] = {

	name : "Tooth Abomination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 40],

	size : 3,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 14,

	hd : [4, 6],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [7, 12, 12, 5, 12, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3,
		"stealth" : 3
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/4",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The abomination attaches to the target.",
			modifiers : [3, 1, ""],
			tooltip : "While attached, the abomination can't attack, and at the start of each of the abomination's turns, the target takes 1d10 + 1 necrotic damage. The attached abomination moves with the target whenever the target moves, requiring none of the abomination's movement. The abomination can detach itself by spending 5 feet of its movement on its turn. A creature, including the target, can use its action to detach an abomination."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The abomination has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the abomination's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["claw abomination"] = {

	name : "Claw Abomination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 40],

	size : 3,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 27,

	hd : [6, 6],

	speed : "30 ft, climb 30 ft",

	scores : [16, 14, 12, 6, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3,
		"athletics" : 5
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Spike Throw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["fin abomination"] = {

	name : "Fin Abomination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 40],

	size : 3,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 22,

	hd : [4, 8],

	speed : "0 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [14, 13, 13, 6, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 30 ft",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The abomination has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the abomination's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}, {
			name : "Water Breathing",
			description : "The abomination can breathe only underwater."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["wing abomination"] = {

	name : "Wing Abomination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 41],

	size : 2,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 26,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, swim 80 ft",

	scores : [16, 17, 13, 8, 14, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Sight",
			description : "The abomination has advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["beast abomination"] = {

	name : "Beast Abomination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 41],

	size : 2,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 37,

	hd : [5, 10],

	speed : "50 ft",

	scores : [17, 15, 15, 3, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3,
		"stealth" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Hearing and Smell",
			description : "The abomination has advantage on Perception checks that rely on hearing and smell."
		}, {
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The abomination has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the abomination's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["hunter abomination"] = {

	name : "Hunter Abomination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 42],

	size : 2,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 51,

	hd : [6, 10],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [19, 13, 17, 2, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 5,
		"stealth" : 5
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 15,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pounce",
			description : "If the abomination moves at least 30 feet straight toward a creature and then hits it with a claw attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the abomination can make one bite attack against it as a bonus action."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Alter Mutation",
			description : "As an action, the abomination can alter its form to grow wings or fins. It can only grow wings if the user is a 8th-level chemist. If it grows wings, its walking speed becomes 10 ft. and its flying speed becomes 80 ft. If it grows fins, its walking speed becomes 0 ft. and its swim speed becomes 50 ft. and it can only breathe underwater. An abomination cannot have wings and fins at the same time."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["stinger abomination"] = {

	name : "Stinger Abomination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 42],

	size : 2,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 52,

	hd : [7, 10],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [15, 13, 15, 2, 9, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 9,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "3",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled, escape DC 12",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : "The abomination has two claws, each of which can grapple only one target"
		}, {
			name : "Sting",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 12 Constitution saving throw, taking 4d10 poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Alter Mutation",
			description : "As an action, the abomination can alter its form to grow wings or fins. If it grows wings, its walking speed becomes 10 ft. and its flying speed becomes 80 ft. If it grows fins, its walking speed becomes 0 ft. and its swim speed becomes 50 ft. and it can only breathe underwater. An abomination cannot have wings and fins at the same time."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["tusk abomination"] = {

	name : "Tusk Abomination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 43],

	size : 1,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 76,

	hd : [8, 12],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [22, 9, 17, 2, 11, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 9,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "4",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Stomp",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 6, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Gore",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 6, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Trampling Charge",
			description : "If the abomination moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a creature and then hits it with a gore attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 12 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the abomination can make one stomp attack against it as a bonus action."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Alter Mutation",
			description : "As an action, the abomination can alter its form to grow wings or fins. If it grows wings, its walking speed becomes 10 ft. and its flying speed becomes 40 ft. If it grows fins, its walking speed becomes 0 ft. and its swim speed becomes 40 ft. and it can only breathe underwater. An abomination cannot have wings and fins at the same time."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["crusher abomination"] = {

	name : "Crusher Abomination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 43],

	size : 1,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 85,

	hd : [9, 12],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [21, 9, 17, 2, 10, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"stealth" : 5
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "5",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 16 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone",
			modifiers : [8, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled, escape DC 16",
			modifiers : [8, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the abomination can't bite another target."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Alter Mutation",
			description : "As an action, the abomination can alter its form to grow wings or fins. If it grows wings, its walking speed becomes 10 ft. and its flying speed becomes 40 ft. If it grows fins, its walking speed becomes 0 ft. and its swim speed becomes 40 ft. and it can only breathe underwater. An abomination cannot have wings and fins at the same time."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["muscle abomination"] = {

	name : "Muscle Abomination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 44],

	size : 1,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 138,

	hd : [12, 12],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [22, 11, 20, 8, 10, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "6",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Fist",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Rock",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (30/120 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Alter Mutation",
			description : "As an action, the abomination can alter its form to grow wings or fins. If it grows wings, its walking speed becomes 10 ft. and its flying speed becomes 30 ft. If it grows fins, its walking speed becomes 0 ft. and its swim speed becomes 30 ft. and it can only breathe underwater. An abomination cannot have wings and fins at the same time."
		}
	]
};

[//devilforged spells
	"blade ward", "booming blade", "chill touch", "create bonfire", "eldritch blast", "friends", "frostbite", "green flame blade", "infestation", "lightning lure", "mage hand", "magic stone", "mind sliver", "minor illusion", "poison spray", "prestidigitation", "thunderclap", "sword burst", "toll the dead", "true strike", "armor of agathys", "arms of hadar", "cause fear", "charm person", "distort value", "expeditious retreat", "hellish rebuke", "hex", "illusory script", "protection from evil and good", "witch bolt", "borrowed knowledge", "cloud of daggers", "crown of madness", "darkness", "earthbind", "enthrall", "flock of familiars", "hold person", "counterspell", "dispel", "enemies abound", "fear", "fly", "gaseous form", "hunger of hadar", "hypnotic pattern", "incite greed", "intellect fortress", "magic circle", "major image", "remove curse", "spirit shroud", "summon fey", "summon lesser demons", "summon shadowspawn", "summon undead", "thunder step", "vampiric touch", "banishment", "blight", "charm monster", "dimension door", "elemental bane", "galder's speedy courier", "hallucinatory terrain", "raulothim's psychic lance", "shadow of moil", "sickening radiance", "summon aberration", "summon greater demon", "danse macabre", "dream", "enervation", "far step", "great heaven splitter", "hold monster", "infernal calling", "mislead", "negative energy flood", "planar binding", "scrying", "synaptic static", "wall of light", "circle of death", "conjure fey", "create undead", "eyebite", "flesh to stone", "investiture of flame", "investiture of ice", "investiture of stone", "investiture of wind", "mass suggestion", "mental prison", "scatter", "soul cage", "summon fiend", "tasha's otherwordly guise", "true seeing", "crown of stars", "finger of death", "forcecage", "power word pain", "dominate monster", "feeblemind", "glibness", "maddening darkness", "power word stun", "blade of disaster", "foresight", "imprisonment", "locate devil fruit power", "power word kill", "psychic scream", "shapechange", "true polymorph", "weird"
].forEach( function (s) {
	if(SpellsList[s] && SpellsList[s].classes && SpellsList[s].classes.indexOf("devilforged") === -1) SpellsList[s].classes.push("devilforged");
});

ClassList["devilforged"] = {

	name : "Devilforged",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*devilforged).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 45],

	primaryAbility : "Wisdom",

	prereqs : "Charisma 13",

	die : 8,

	improvements : [0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5],

	saves : ["Cha", "Wis"],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Devilforged") + ": Choose two from Arcana, Deception, History, Intimidation, Investigation, Nature, and Religion.", "\n\n" + toUni("Devilforged") + ": None."],

	toolProfs : {
		primary : [["Any tool", 1], ["Alchemist's supplies"]],
		secondary : [["Any tool", 1]]
	},

	armor : [
		[true, false, false, false],
		[true, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[true, false, false],
		[true, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Devilforged starting equipment:\n \u2022 A musket and 20 ammunition -or- any simple weapon;\n \u2022 A tool of my choice;\n \u2022 A dungeoneer's pack -or- an explorer's pack;\n \u2022 Thick shirt, any simple weapon, and two daggers.",

	subclasses : ["Devilsmith Style", [""]],

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	abilitySave : 5,

	spellcastingFactor : 2,

	spellcastingKnown : {

		cantrips : [2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4],

		spells : [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 10, 11, 11, 12, 12, 13, 13, 14, 14, 15, 15],

		prepared : true,

	},

	spellcastingList : {

		class : "devilforged",
	},

	features : {

		"unique spellcasting focus" : {
			name : "Unique Spellcasting Focus",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 46],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "My weapon (or other viable item) can be treated as a spellcasting focus, more info in notes.",
			toNotesPage : [{
				name : "Additional Unique Spellcating Focus Features",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 46],
				popupName : "Additional Unique Spellcating Focus Features",
				note : "\nI produce my spells and effects through a special devil fruit-infused item I possess. I must have a spellcasting focus, specifically some kind of weapon, armor, tool, or other item that is infused with devil fruit powers, in hand when I cast any spell with this feature. I must be proficient with the item to use it this way. Once I have chosen one item or piece of equipment I wish to have infused, it becomes my spellcasting focus. I cannot have more than one item infused with devil fruit powers in this way. If I wish to move the essence stored within my current infused item of choice into a new item or create a new infused item after losing my old one, I must spend 1 hour during a long rest to move the Green Blood from my old weapon into the new item and removing them from the old item. You must be proficient with this newitem. In addition, you may choose to infuse items that areconnected to your body, but not made of flesh. For example, a cyborg's iron fists may have devil fruit powers infused into them through green blood, without the cyborg itself having consumed a devil fruit, because they are technically not a part of the cyborg's natural body. Due to the infusion of multiple devil fruits' essence into my item through the use of Green Blood, the exact devil fruit power it possesses may not be clear. Instead, my item has an infusion of many different powers I have collected through researching, hunting, and foraging for devil fruits. It should not be treated as a creature that has consumed a devil fruit power, but instead as a tool that grows in power with it's user over time. In addition, the item has the weaknesses of a devil fruit user in that it cannot be used as a spellcasting focus while it is more than half-submerged in water or touching seastone.",
			}]
		},

		"subclassfeature1" : {
			name : "Devilsmith Style",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 47],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "I have developed a particular style of devilsmithing which determines the types of equipment or items I specialize at infusing with. I can choose between Gear Smithing, Blade Smithing, and Firearm Smithing.",
		},

		"sea devil's emanations" : {
			name : "Sea Devil's Emanations",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 47],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I gain two sea devil emanations of my choice. When I gain certain devilforged levels, I gain additional emanations of my choice. Additionally, when I gain a level in this class, I can choose one of the emanations I know and replace it with another emanation that I could learn at that level.",
			extraname : "Emanations",
			extrachoices : ["Demonic Protection", "Devil's Sight", "Fiendish Vigor", "Mask of Many Faces", "Misty Visions", "Silver Tongue", "Stable Infusion", "Thief of Five Fates", "Agonizing Blast (prereq: eldricth blast cantrip)", "Chilling Blast (prereq: eldricth blast cantrip)", "Repelling Blast (prereq: eldricth blast cantrip)", "Sniping Blast (prereq: eldricth blast cantrip)", "Vacuum Blast (prereq: eldricth blast cantrip)", "Improved Paramecia Weapon (prereq: Paramecia Infusion)", "Beast Speech (prereq: Zoan Infusion)", "Enhanced Zoan Bond (prereq: Zoan Infusion)", "Greater Zoan Form (prereq: Zoan Infusion)", "Zoan Regeneration (prereq: Zoan Infusion)", "Burning Blood (prereq: Logia Infusion)", "Greater Logia Powers (prereq: Logia Infusion)", "Expanded Tool Infusion (prereq: Gear Smithing subclass)", "Greater Armor Infusion (prereq: Gear Smithing subclass)", "Blessed Bow (prereq: Firearm Smithing subclass)", "Bestial Summon (prereq: 3rd level, Zoan Infusion)", "Zoan Mount (prereq: 3rd level, Zoan Infusion)", "Cloak of Shadows (prereq: 5th level)", "Exhausting Presence (prereq: 5th level)", "Ice Tomb (prereq: 5th level)", "Maddening Frequency (prereq: 5th level)", "Sign of Ill Omen (prereq: 5th level)", "Shadow Puppets (prereq: 5th level)", "Mark of Mindmelting (prereq: 5th level, hex spell or a devilforged feature that curses)", "Paramecia Smite (prereq: 5th level, Paramecia Infusion)", "Ricocheting Strike (prereq: 5th level, Paramecia Infusion)", "Wrathful Weapon (prereq: 5th level, Blade Smithing subclass)", "Force Cannon (prereq: 5th level, Firearm Smithing subclass)", "Lightning Cannon (prereq: 5th level, Firearm Smithing subclass)", "Extended Strike (prereq: 6th level, Blade Smithing subclass)", "Alluring Mist (prereq: 7th level)", "Trickster's Escape (prereq: 7th level)", "Visions of Chaos (prereq: 7th level)", "Relentless Mark (prereq: 7th level, hex spell or a devilforged feature that curses)", "Shared Zoan Transformation (prereq: 7th level, Zoan Infusion)", "Supreme Zoan Mount (prereq: 7th level, Zoan Infusion)", "Sharpened Blade (prereq: 7th level, Blade Smithing subclass)", "Spring Step (prereq: 9th level)", "Shadow Speech (prereq: 9th level)", "Zero-Gravity Step (prereq: 9th level)", "Superior Paramecia Weapon (prereq: 9th level, Paramecia Infusion)", "Elemental Summon (prereq: 9th level, Logia Infusion)", "Gift of Logia Immunity (prereq: 9th level, Logia Infusion)", "A Thousand Slices (prereq: 9th level, Blade Smithing subclass)", "Electro Strike (prereq: 12th level, Paramecia Infusion)", "Frostbite Strike (prereq: 12th level, Paramecia Infusion)", "Searing Strike (prereq: 12th level, Paramecia Infusion)", "Shroud of Shadow (prereq: 15th level)", "Blast and Strike (prereq: 15th level, Paramecia Infusion)", "Ultimate Paramecia Weapon (prereq: 15th level, Paramecia Infusion)", "Beast Adaptation (prereq: 15th level, Zoan Infusion)", "Monstrous Submission (prereq: 15th level, Zoan Infusion)", "Logia Recharge (prereq: 15th level, Logia Infusion)", "Superior Fiendish Assimilation (prereq: 18th level, Logia Infusion)"],
			extraTimes : levels.map(function (n) {
				return n < 2 ? 1 : n < 5 ? 2 : n < 7 ? 3 : n < 9 ? 4 : n < 12 ? 5 : n < 15 ? 6 : n < 18 ? 7 : 8;
			}),
			"demonic protection" : {
				name : "Demonic Protection",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast mage armor on myself at will, without expending a spell slot or material components.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Demonic Protection",

					spells : ["mage armor"],

					selection : ["mage armor"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"devil's sight" : {
				name : "Devil's Sight",
				description : "\n   " + "I can see normally in darkness, both magical and non-magical, to a distance of 120 feet.",
				vision : [["Devil's Sight", 120]],
			},

			"fiendish vigor" : {
				name : "Fiendish Vigor",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast false life on myself at will as a 1st-level spell without expending a spell slot or material components.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Fiendish Vigor",

					spells : ["false life"],

					selection : ["false life"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"mask of many faces" : {
				name : "Mask of Many Faces",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast disguise self at will, without expending a spell slot.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Fiendish Vigor",

					spells : ["disguise self"],

					selection : ["disguise self"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"misty visions" : {
				name : "Misty Visions",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast silent image at will, without expending a spell slot or material components.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Misty Visions",

					spells : ["silent image"],

					selection : ["silent image"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"silver tongue" : {
				name : "Silver Tongue",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain proficiency in the Deception and Persuasion skills.",
				skills : ["Deception", "Persuasion"],
			},

			"stable infusion" : {
				name : "Stable Infusion",
				description : "\n   " + "I have advantage on Constitution saving throws that I make to maintain my concentration on a spell.",
			},

			"thief of five fates" : {
				name : "Thief of Five Fates",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast bane once using a devilforged spell slot. I can't do so again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Thief of Five Fates",

					spells : ["bane"],

					selection : ["bane"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"agonizing blast (prereq: eldricth blast cantrip)" : {
				name : "Agonizing Blast",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast eldritch blast, I add my Charisma modifier to the damage it deals on a hit.",
			},

			"chilling blast (prereq: eldricth blast cantrip)" : {
				name : "Chilling Blast",
				description : "\n   " + "Once on each of my turns when I hit a creature with my eldritch blast, I can reduce that creature's speed by 10 feet until the end of my next turn.",
			},

			"repelling blast (prereq: eldricth blast cantrip)" : {
				name : "Repelling Blast",
				description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with eldritch blast, I can push the creature up to 10 feet away from me in a straight line.",
			},

			"sniping blast (prereq: eldricth blast cantrip)" : {
				name : "Sniping Blast",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast eldritch blast, its range is 300 feet.",
				spellChanges : {
					"eldricth blast" : {
						range : "300 ft",
						changes : "Can now cast at any range within 300 feet."
					}
				}
			},

			"vacuum blast (prereq: eldricth blast cantrip)" : {
				name : "Vacuum Blast",
				description : "\n   " + "Once on each of my turns when I hit a creature with my eldritch blast, I can move that creature in a straight line 10 feet closer to myself.",
			},

			"improved paramecia weapon (prereq: paramecia infusion)" : {
				name : "Improved Paramecia Weapon",
				description : "\n   " + "My paramecia-infused weapon gains a +1 bonus to its attack and damage rolls, unless it is a magic weapon that already has a bonus to those rolls.",
			},

			"beast speech (prereq: zoan infusion)" : {
				name : "Beast Speech",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast speak with animals at will, without expending a spell slot.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Beast Speech",

					spells : ["speak with animals"],

					selection : ["speak with animals"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"enhanced zoan bond (prereq: zoan infusion)" : {
				name : "Enhanced Zoan Bond",
				description : "\n   " + "I can communicate telepathically with my familiar and perceive through my familiar's senses as long as I'm on the same plane of existence. Additionally, while perceiving through my familiar's senses, I can also speak through my familiar in my own voice, even if my familiar is normally incapable of speech.",
			},

			"greater zoan form (prereq: zoan infusion)" : {
				name : "Greater Zoan Form",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast find familiar, I infuse the summoned zoan creature with greater power in its form, granting the creature the following benefits:\n   The familiar gain a flying speed speed of 40 feet.\n   As a bonus action, I can command the familiar to take the Attack action.\n   The familiar's weapon attacks are considered magical for the purpose of overcoming immunity and resistance to non-magical attacks.\n   If the familiar forces a creature to make a saving throw, it uses my spell save DC.\n   When the familiar takes damage, I can use my reaction to grant it resistance against that damage.",
			},

			"zoan regeneration (prereq: zoan infusion)" : {
				name : "Zoan Regeneration",
				description : "\n   " + "Whenever I regain HP while my familiar is within 100 feet of me, treat any dice rolled to determine the HP I regain as having rolled their maximum value for me.",
			},

			"burning blood (prereq: logia infusion)" : {
				name : "Burning Blood",
				description : "\n   " + "As my logia-infused item begins to enhance the elements within my body, I gain nearly endless energy. I no longer need to sleep and can't be forced to sleep by any means. To gain the benefits of a long rest, I can spend all 8 hours doing light activity, such as training with my item or keeping watch.",
			},

			"greater logia powers (prereq: logia infusion)" : {
				name : "Greater Logia Powers",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain additional powers from my logia-infused item. I choose two 1st-level spells from any class' spell list. I learn these spells as Devilforged spells, and they don't count against the number of spells I know.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Greater Logia Powers",

					class : ["artificer", "bard", "chemist", "cleric", "devilforged", "druid", "hybrid", "marksman", "paladin", "priest", "ranger", "sorcerer", "tinkerer", "warlock", "wizard"],

					level : [1, 1],

					times : 2,

					prepared : true,
				},
			},

			"expanded tool infusion (prereq: gear smithing subclass)" : {
				name : "Expanded Tool Infusion",
				description : "\n   " + "I'm able to infuse any tool with my \"Devil Fruit Infusion\" to make it my Infused Item. When I do so, I'm now proficient with that tool.",
			},

			"greater armor infusion (prereq: gear smithing subclass)" : {
				name : "Greater Armor Infusion",
				description : "\n   " + "I'm able to infuse any suit of armor with my \"Devil Fruit Infusion\" to make it my Infused Item. When I do so, I'm now proficient with that suit of armor. I remain proficient with it until the infusion is removed or I no longer have this emanation.",
			},

			"blessed bow (prereq: firearm smithing subclass)" : {
				name : "Blessed Bow",
				description : "\n   " + "If my infused weapon is a longbow, I can create an arrow out of pure energy using it. When I hit a creature with an attack using my infused longbow, I can expend aspell slot to deal an additional 2d8 radiant damage to the target per spell level. Additionally, I make this enhanced attack at advantage if the target creature is a fiend or undead.",
			},

			"bestial summon (prereq: 3rd level, zoan infusion)" : {
				name : "Bestial Summon",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast summon beast once using a devilforged spell slot, representing my infused item's zoan form. I can't do so again until I finish a short or long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Bestial Summon",

					spells : ["summon beast"],

					selection : ["summon beast"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"zoan mount (prereq: 3rd level, zoan infusion)" : {
				name : "Zoan Mount",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast find steed once using a devilforged spell slot, representing my infused item's zoan form. I can't do so again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Zoan Mount",

					spells : ["find steed"],

					selection : ["find steed"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"cloak of shadows (prereq: 5th level)" : {
				name : "Cloak of Shadows",
				description : "\n   " + "When I'm in an area of dim light or darkness, I can use my action to become invisible until I move or take an action or a reaction.",
			},

			"exhausting presence (prereq: 5th level)" : {
				name : "Exhausting Presence",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast slow once using a devilforged spell slot. I can't do so again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Exhausting Presence",

					spells : ["slow"],

					selection : ["slow"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"ice tomb (prereq: 5th level)" : {
				name : "Ice Tomb",
				description : "\n   " + "As a reaction when I take damage, I can entomb myself in ice, which melts away at the end of my next turn. I gain 10 temporary HP per devilforged level, which take as much of the triggering damage as possible. Immediately after I take the damage, I gain vulnerability to fire damage, my speed is reduced to 0, and I'm incapacitated. These effects, including any remaining temporary HP, all end when the ice melts. Once I use this emanation, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "short rest",
				action : ["reaction"]
			},

			"maddening frequency (prereq: 5th level)" : {
				name : "Maddening Frequency",
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can emit a sound frequency from my infused item which negatively influences the minds of other creatures around me. The sound can be heard by any creation 5 feet away from me in every direction, but not in total cover. It lasts until I'm incapacitated or I dismiss itas a bonus action. The radius of sound gives me advantage on Intimidation checks but disadvantage on all other Charisma checks. Any other creature that starts its turn in the radius around me takes thunder damage equal to my Charisma modifier (minimum 0 damage). Once I use this emanation, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "short rest",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},

			"sign of ill omen (prereq: 5th level)" : {
				name : "Sing of Ill Omen",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast bestow curse once using a devilforged spell slot. I can't do so again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Sign of Ill Omen",

					spells : ["bestow curse"],

					selection : ["bestow curse"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"shadow puppets (prereq: 5th level)" : {
				name : "Shadow Puppets",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast animate dead without using a spell slot. Once I do so, I can't cast it in this way again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Shadow Puppets",

					spells : ["animate dead"],

					selection : ["animate dead"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"mark of mindmelting (prereq: 5th level, hex spell or a devilforged feature that curses)" : {
				name : "Mark of Mindmelting",
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I cause a psychic disturbance around the target cursed by my hex spell or by a devilforged feature of mine, such as \"Devil's Branding\" or \"Sign of Ill Omen\". When I do so, I deal psychic damage to the cursed target and each creature of my choice within 5 feet of it. The psychic damage equals my Charisma modifier (minimum of 1 damage). To use this emanation, I must be able to see the cursed target, and it must be within 30 feet of me.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},

			"paramecia smite (prereq: 5th level, paramecia infusion)" : {
				name : "Paramecia Smite",
				description : "\n   " + "Once per turn when I hit a creature with my paramecia weapon, I can expend a devilforged spell slot to deal an extra 1d8 force damage to the target, plus another 1d8 per level of the spell slot, and I can knock the target prone if it is Huge or smaller.",
			},

			"ricocheting strike (prereq: 5th level, paramecia infusion)" : {
				name : "Ricocheting Strike",
				description : "\n   " + "I can attack with my paramecia weapon twice, instead of once, whenever I take the Attack action on my turn.",
			},

			"wrathful weapon (prereq: 5th level, blade smithing subclass)" : {
				name : "Wrathful Weapon",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast one of the following spells using a devilforged slot: searing smite, wrathful smite, or blinding smite. Once I do so, I can't do so this way again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Wrathful Weapon",

					spells : ["searing smite", "wrathful smite", "blinding smite"],

					selection : ["searing smite", "wrathful smite", "blinding smite"],

					times : 3,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"force cannon (prereq: 5th level, firearm smithing subclass)" : {
				name : "Force Cannon",
				description : "\n   " + "If my infused weapon is a firearm or gun of some kind, I can choose to deal force damage for its damage type when I hit with it.",
			},

			"lightning cannon (prereq: 5th level, firearm smithing subclass)" : {
				name : "Lightning Cannon",
				description : "\n   " + "If my infused weapon is a firearm or ranged weapon, I can cast lightning arrow using a devilforged spell slot. I can't do so again until I finish a short or long rest.",
			},

			"extended strike (prereq: 6th level, blade smithing subclass)" : {
				name : "Extended Strike",
				description : "\n   " + "When using my \"Echoing Strike\", my range extensionbonus increases from 10 feet to 15 feet.",
			},

			"alluring mist (prereq: 7th level)" : {
				name : "Alluring Mist",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast compulsion once using a devilforged spell slot. I can't do so again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Alluring Mist",

					spells : ["compulsion"],

					selection : ["compulsion"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"trickster's escape (prereq: 7th level)" : {
				name : "Trickster's Escape",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast freedom of movement once on myself without expending a spell slot. I regain the ability to do so when I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Trickster's Escape",

					spells : ["freedom of movement"],

					selection : ["freedom of movement"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"visions of chaos (prereq: 7th level)" : {
				name : "Visions of Chaos",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast confusion once using a devilforged spell slot. I can't do so again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Visions of Chaos",

					spells : ["confusion"],

					selection : ["confusion"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"relentless mark (prereq: 7th level, hex spell or a devilforged feature that curses)" : {
				name : "Relentless Mark",
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can magically teleport up to 30 feet to an unoccupied space I can see within 5 feet of the target cursed by my hex spell or by a devilforged feature of mine, such as \"Devil's Branding\" or \"Sign of Ill Omen\". To teleport in this way, I must be able to see the cursed target.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},

			"shared zoan transformation (prereq: 7th level, zoan infusion)" : {
				name : "Shared Zoan Transformation",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast polymorph once using a devilforged spell slot. I can't do so again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Shared Zoan Transformation",

					spells : ["polymorph"],

					selection : ["polymorph"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"supreme zoan mount (prereq: 7th level, zoan infusion)" : {
				name : "Supreme Zoan Mount",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast find greater steed once using a devilforged spell slot, representing my infused item's zoan form. I can't do so again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Supreme Zoan Mount",

					spells : ["find greater steed"],

					selection : ["find greater steed"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"sharpened blade (prereq: 7th level, blade smithing subclass)" : {
				name : "Sharpened Blade",
				description : "\n   " + "I can choose to make my infused weapon's damage diea d10 (the damage die for weapons with the versatile property becomes a d12 when wielded with two hands), regardless of its form.",
			},

			"spring step (prereq: 9th level)" : {
				name : "Spring Step",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast jump at will, without expending a spell slot.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Spring Step",

					spells : ["jump"],

					selection : ["jump"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"shadow speech (prereq: 9th level)" : {
				name : "Shadow Speech",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast speak with dead at will, without expending a spell slot.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Shadow Speech",

					spells : ["speak with dead"],

					selection : ["speak with dead"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"zero-gravity step (prereq: 9th level)" : {
				name : "Zero-Gravity Step",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast levitate on myself at will, without expending a spell slot or material components.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Zero-Gravity Step",

					spells : ["levitate"],

					selection : ["levitate"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"superior paramecia weapon (prereq: 9th level, paramecia infusion)" : {
				name : "Superior Paramecia Weapon",
				description : "\n   " + "My paramecia-infused weapon gains a +2 bonus to its attack and damage rolls, unless it is a magic weapon that already has a bonus to those rolls.",
			},

			"elemental summon (prereq: 9th level, logia infusion)" : {
				name : "Elemental Summon",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast conjure elemental once using a devilforged spell slot, but can't summon a water elemental. I can't do so again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Elemental Summon",

					spells : ["conjure elemental"],

					selection : ["conjure elemental"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"gift of logia immunity (prereq: 9th level, logia infusion)" : {
				name : "Gift of Logia Immunity",
				description : "\n   " + "I choose a number of allied creatures equal to my proficiency bonus. The selected creatures are now protected by my logia-infused weapon. When any of those creatures is within 120 feet of me isreduced to 0 HP but not killed outright, the creature drops to 1 HP instead as their body momentarily becomes like that of a logia. Once this effect is triggered, no creature can benefit from it until I finish a long rest. As an action, I can move this feature's protection from one creature to another.",
			},

			"a thousand slices (prereq: 9th level, blade smithing subclass)" : {
				name : "A Thousand Slices",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast steel wind strike once using a devilforged spell slot, using my infused weapon as a component. I can't do so again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "A Thousand Slices",

					spells : ["steel wind strike"],

					selection : ["steel wind strike"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"electro strike (prereq: 12th level, paramecia infusion)" : {
				name : "Electro Strike",
				description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with my pact weapon, the creature takes extra lightning damage equal to my Charisma modifier (minimum 1).",
			},

			"frostbite strike (prereq: 12th level, paramecia infusion)" : {
				name : "Frostbite Strike",
				description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with my pact weapon, the creature takes extra cold damage equal to my Charisma modifier (minimum 1).",
			},

			"searing strike (prereq: 12th level, paramecia infusion)" : {
				name : "Searing Strike",
				description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with my pact weapon, the creature takes extra fire damage equal to my Charisma modifier (minimum 1).",
			},

			"shroud of shadow (prereq: 15th level)" : {
				name : "Shroud of Shadow",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast invisibility at will, without expending a spell slot.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Shroud of Shadow",

					spells : ["invisibility"],

					selection : ["invisibility"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"blast and strike (prereq: 15th level, paramecia infusion)" : {
				name : "Blast and Strike",
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my action to cast a spell, I may make one attack with my infused weapon as a bonus action.",
			},

			"ultimate paramecia weapon (prereq: 15th level, paramecia infusion)" : {
				name : "Ultimate Paramecia Weapon",
				description : "\n   " + "My paramecia-infused weapon gains a +3 bonus to its attack and damage rolls, unless it is a magic weapon that already has a bonus to those rolls.",
			},

			"beast adaptation (prereq: 15th level, zoan infusion)" : {
				name : "Beast Adaptation",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast alter self at will, not including aquatic adaptation, without expending a spell slot.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Beast Adaptation",

					spells : ["alter self"],

					selection : ["alter self"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"monstrous submission (prereq: 15th level, zoan infusion)" : {
				name : "Monstrous Submission",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast hold monster at will, targeting a celestial, fiend, or elemental, without expending a spell slot or material components. I must finish a long rest before I can use this invocation on the same creature again.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Monstrous Submission",

					spells : ["hold monster"],

					selection : ["hold monster"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"logia recharge (prereq: 15th level, logia infusion)" : {
				name : "Logia Recharge",
				description : "\n   " + "For any emanations that grant the use of a spell once per long rest, I may cast them once per short rest instead.",
			},

			"superior fiendish assimilation (prereq: 18th level, logia infusion)" : {
				name : "Superior Fiendish Assimilation",
				description : "\n   " + "I may have two 6th-level \"Fiendish Assimilation\" spells chosen or stored instead of just one. I may cast each of my 6th-level \"Fiendish Assimilation\" spells once per long rest.",
			},
		},

		"infused devil fruit category" : {
			name : "Infused Devil Fruit Category",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 47],
			minlevel : 3,
			description : "\n   " + "I'm able to further develop the abilities of my devil fruit-infused item to closer match the abilities of a specific devil fruit category, which are paramecia, zoan, or logia. I gain one of the following features of my choice.",
			choices : ["Paramecia", "Zoan", "Logia"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"paramecia" : {
				name : "Paramecia Infusion",
				description : "\n   " + "My infused item develops special enhanced properties, similar to that of a paramecia-type devil fruit user. I can use my action to activate an item's paramecia powers, transforming it into a weapon (unless it is already a weapon). While activated, I can choose the form that this weapon takes each time I activate it, allowing it to become any type of weapon, which I'm proficient with it while I wield it. This weapon counts as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance and immunity to non-magical attacks and damage. My infused weapon returns to my hand if it is more than 5 feet away from me for 1 minute or more. Additionally, I can return it back to its original form by deactivating its paramecia powers (no action required). Its powers disappear if I die, or if it becomes partially submerged in water or touches seastone.",
				action : ["action"]
			},

			"zoan" : {
				name : "Zoan Infusion",
				description : "\n   " + "My infused item is capable of breaking a piece of itself off or stretching out, and transforms into a specific type of creature, similar to a zoan-type devil fruit user. I learn the find familiar spell and cast it as a ritual. The spell doesn't count against my number of spells known. The familiar dissipates and returns to its original form when it becomes more than half-submerged in water or touches seastone. When the familiar disappears, the disconnected piece of my infused item returns to its original place. When I cast the spell, I can choose one of the normal forms for my familiar or one of the following special forms to better fit my item's zoan type: imp, pseudodragon, quasit, or sprite. My DM may allow me to choose another form not listed here, using a custom stat block or another known creature. Additionally, when I take the Attack action, I can forgo one of my own attacks to allow my familiar to make one attack with its reaction.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Zoan Infusion",

					spells : ["find familiar"],

					selection : ["find familiar"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,

					ritual : true,
				},
			},

			"logia" : {
				name : "Logia Infusion",
				description : "\n   " + "My infused item is now capable of transforming itself into a specific type of element, similar to a logia-type devil fruit user. Using its powers, I'm able to choose three cantrips from any class's spell list. While I'n holding this infused item, I can cast those cantrips at will. They don't count against my number of cantrips known. If they don't appear on the devilforged spell list, they are nonetheless Devilforged spells for me. I choose one of the following damage types: fire, cold, lightning, radiant, necrotic, acid, poison, slashing, bludgeoning, or piercing. When I cast a cantrip using my infused item, I may choose to replace any of the cantrip's original damage types with my selected damage type, reflecting the logia element it represents. After selecting a damage type using this feature, it becomes fixed; I cannot subsequently choose a different damage type from this list to replace the damage type in my infused weapon's cantrips. If I lose my infused item, I can telepathically will it to dematerialize into an elemental form and return to me within 1 hour. If the infused item is more than half-submerged in water or touching seastone, it cannot return to me this way. The infused item loses its elemental energy and it returns to its normal form when I die.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Logia Infusion",

					class : ["artificer", "bard", "chemist", "cleric", "devilforged", "druid", "hybrid", "marksman", "paladin", "priest", "ranger", "sorcerer", "tinkerer", "warlock", "wizard"],

					level : [0, 0],

					times : 3,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},
		},

		"fiendish assimilation" : {
			name : "Fiendish Assimilation",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 48],
			minlevel : 11,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose one 6th-level spell fromthe devil forged spell list as this new power. I can cast my Fiendish Assimilation spell once without expending a spell slot. I must finish a long rest before I can do so again.  At higher levels, I gain more devilforged spells of my choice that can be cast in this way: one 7th-level spell at 13th level, one 8th-level spell at 15th level, and one 9th-level spell at 17th level. I regain all uses of my Fiendish Assimilation when I finish a long rest. Alternatively, I can choose to incorporate or \"steal\" the essence of other great Devil Fruit powers into my infused item. When I see a Devil Fruit spell or spell effect within 30 feet of me, I may use my reaction to \"store\" a portion of the energy of that spell into my infused item, making it my new Fiendish Assimilation spell. The maximum level of the spell stolen must be equal to my current Fiendish Assimilation spell level. If I wish to remove the stolen Devil Fruit spell and return to using my original Fiendish Assimilation spell, I must spend 1 hour during a short or long rest removing the essence of the stolen spell and return the power of my original chosen Fiendish Assimilation spell. I cannot use the stolen spell again once it is removed from my infused item, unless I steal it again using this feature.",
			spellcastingBonus : {

				name : "Fiendish Assimilation",

				class : "devilforged",

				level : [6, 9],

				times : ["", "", "", "", "", "", "", "", "", "", "fixed 1", "fixed 1", "fixed 2", "fixed 2", "fixed 3", "fixed 3", "fixed 4", "fixed 4", "fixed 4", "fixed 4"],

				prepared : true,

				oncelr : true,
			},
		},

		"devil's bounty" : {
			name : "Devil's Bounty",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 48],
			minlevel : 20,
			description : "\n   " + "I can release a surge of energy from within my Devil Fruit-infused item, allowing me to regain expended spell slots. To do so, I must spend 1 minute focusing on my infused item in order to regain all my expended spell slots from my Spellcasting feature. Once I regain spell slots with this feature, I must finish a long rest before I can do so again.",
		},
	}
}

AddSubClass(

	"devilforged",

	"gear smithing",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*gear)(?=.*smithing).*$/i,

		subname : "Gear Smithing",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 49],

		toolProfs : ["Smith's tools"],

		spellcastingExtra : ["shield of faith", "false life", "arcane lock", "pass without trace", "haste", "glyph of warding", "greater invisibility", "death ward", "antilife shell", "creation"],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature1" : {
				name : "Armored Up",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 49],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain proficiency with medium armor and shields. In addition, I gain a +1 bonus to my AC while I have my infused devil fruit item equipped or held.",
				armor : [true, true, false, true],
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Abyssal Enhancement",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 49],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "When I make an ability check or a saving throw, I can use this feature to add a d10 to my roll. I can do so after seeing the initial roll but before any of the roll's effects occur. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "short rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Resilient Equipment",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 49],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "I can choose one damage type when I finish a short or long rest. I gain resistance to that damage type until I choose a different one with this feautre. Damage from magical weapons, Haki-coated weapons, or silver weapons ignores this resistance.",
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Devilish Reconstruction",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 49],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "On my turn, I can use a bonus action to regain HP equal to 1d8 + my devilforged level. Additionally, if I put a severed body part of mine back in place when I use this feature, the part reattaches. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "short rest",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"devilforged",

	"blade smithing",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*blade)(?=.*smithing).*$/i,

		subname : "Blade Smithing",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 49],

		spellcastingExtra : ["shield", "thunderous smite", "blur", "branding smite", "blink", "elemental weapon", "fire shield", "staggering smite", "banishing smite", "cone of cold"],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature1" : {
				name : "Devil's Branding",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 49],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I choose one creature I can see within 30 feet of me. The target is cursed by the devil's brand for 1 minute. The curse ends and the brand disappears early if the target dies, I die, or I'm incapacitated. Until the curse ends, I gain the following benefits:\n   I gain a bonus to damage rolls against the branded target. The bonus equals my proficiency bonus.\n   Any attack roll I make against the branded target is a critical hit on a roll of 19 or 20 on the d20.\n   If the branded target dies, I regain HP equal to my devilforged level + my Charisma modifier (minimum of 1 HP).\nI can't use this feature again until I finish a short or long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "short rest",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature1.1" : {
				name : "Hell's Duelist",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 50],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain proficiency with medium armor, shields, and martial melee weapons. When I finish a long rest, I can touch one weapon that I'm proficient with and that lacks the two-handed property. When I attack with that weapon, I can use my Charisma modifier, instead of Strength or Dexterity, for the attack and damage rolls. This benefit lasts until I finish a long rest. If I later gain the \"Paramecia Infusion\" feature, this benefit extends to every infused weapon I enhance with that feature, no matter the weapon's type.",
				weaponprofs : [true, true, false],
				armor : [true, true, false, true],
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Echoing Strike",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 50],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "When I make a weapon attack on my turn against a creature, I may use a bonus action to extend its normal range by 10 ft. If the attack hits the target, any other creature of my choice within 5 feet of the target takes force damage equal to my Charisma modifier (minimum of 1). I can use this feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, and I regain all expended uses when I finish a short or long rest.",
				usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],
				recovery : "short rest",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Demonic Deflection",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 50],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "If the target cursed by my \"Devil's Branding\" hits me with an attack roll, I can use my reaction to roll a d6. On a 4 or higher, the attack misses me, regardless of its roll.",
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Archdevil's Branding",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 50],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "When the creature cursed by my \"Devil's Branding\" dies, I can apply the branding to a different creature I can see within 30 feet of me, provided I'm not incapacitated, cursing it instead. When I apply the branding in this way, I don't regain HP from the death of the previously branded creature.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"devilforged",

	"firearm smithing",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*firearm)(?=.*smithing).*$/i,

		subname : "Firearm Smithing",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 50],

		spellcastingExtra : ["magic missle", "fog cloud", "scorching ray", "shatter", "fireball", "wind wall", "ice storm", "wall of fire", "flame strike", "wall of force"],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature1" : {
				name : "Hellfire Artillery",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 50],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain proficiency in martial ranged weapons. Additionally, as a bonus action, I can use my infused item to create an artillery cannon that emerges from it. This cannon lasts for 1 minute or until I dismiss it as a bonus action. While my cannon is active, I can make a ranged spell attack against one creature within 60 feet of me as a bonus action. On a hit, the target takes 1d8 + my Charisma modifier in fire, cold, or lightning damage (my choice). When I reach the 10th level in this class, the damage increases to 2d8 + my Charisma modifier. I can summon this cannon using this feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, and I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest.",
				usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Nether Scope",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 51],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain the following benefits:\n   I gain darkvision up to 60 feet.\n   I gain proficiency in the Perception or Insight skill (my choice).\n   I gain resistance to fire damage.",
				vision : ["Darkvision", 60],
				dmgres : ["Fire"],
				skillstxt : "Choose between Insight or Perception",
			},
			"subclassfeature6.1" : {
				name : "Blinding Flare",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 51],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "When me or a creature I can see within 60 feet of me is targeted by an attack, I can use my reaction to impose disadvantage against that attack. After doing so, my cannon crumbles and disappears.",
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Exploding Shrapnel Shot",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 51],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "While my \"Hellfire Artillery\" cannon is active, I may use this feature to cause one of the attacks I make with my cannon to explode by spending an action on the same turn as a part of firing the cannon. Whether the cannon hits the target or not, the shot detonates as a 5th-level fireball spell (using my spell save DC) centered on the target of my attack. Any creature that fails their save against this fireball also has their movement reduced by 10 feet until the end of their turns. Additionally, I may choose to make half of the damage any creature takes from this fireball piercing or slashing instead of fire. Whenever I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Hellstorm Artillery",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 51],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain the following benefits:\n   I can now create two cannons on my infused item with \"Hellfire Artillery\" as a bonus action, instead of just one, by expending an additional use of \"Hellfire Artillery\". While I have two active cannons, when I spend a bonus action to attack with my cannon, both cannons can attack on my turn.\n   My range with \"Hellfire Artillery\" increases to 120 feet.",
			},
		}
	}
);

[//hybrid spells
	"acid splash", "blade ward", "booming blade", "chill touch", "control flames", "create bonfire", "dancing lights", "fire bolt", "friends", "frostbite", "green flame blade", "gust", "infestation", "light", "lightning lure", "mage hand", "mending", "message", "mind sliver", "minor illusion", "poison spray", "prestidigitation", "ray of frost", "shocking grasp", "sword burst", "thunderclap", "true strike", "absorb elements", "burning hands", "catapult", "charm person", "chromatic orb", "color spray", "detect magic", "disguise self", "earth tremor", "expeditious retreat", "false life", "featherfall", "fog cloud", "grease", "ice knife", "jump", "mage armor", "magic missile", "ray of sickness", "shield", "silent image", "silvery barbs", "sleep", "tasha's caustic brew", "thunderwave", "witch bolt", "aganazzar's scorcher", "air bubble", "alter self", "blindness/deafness", "blur", "cloud of daggers", "crown of madness", "darkness", "detect thoughts", "dragon's breath", "dust devil", "earthbind", "enhance ability", "enlarge/reduce", "flame blade", "flaming sphere", "gust of wind", "hold person", "invisibility", "kinetic jaunt", "knock", "levitate", "magic weapon", "maximillian's earthen grasp", "ice spike", "mirror image", "misty step", "nathair's mischief", "phantasmal force", "pyrotechnics", "rime's binding ice", "scorching ray", "see invisibility", "shadow blade", "shatter", "snilloc's snowball storm", "tasha's mind whip", "suggestion", "vortex warp", "warding wind", "web", "wither and bloom", "ashardalon's stride", "blink", "catnap", "clairvoyance", "daylight", "dispel magic", "enemies abound", "erupting earth", "fear", "fireball", "flame arrows", "fly", "gaseous form", "haste", "hypnotic pattern", "incite greed", "intellect fortress", "lightning bolt", "major image", "melf's minute meteors", "protection from energy", "sleet storm", "slow", "soap bubble", "stinking cloud", "thunder step", "vampiric touch", "slime wave", "wall of goo", "water breathing", "water walk", "blight", "charm monster", "confusion", "dominate beast", "fire shield", "greater invisibility", "ice storm", "polymorph", "raulothim's psychic lance", "sickening radiance", "stoneskin", "storm sphere", "vitriolic sphere", "wall of fire", "swamp sphere", "animate objects", "bigby's hand", "cloudkill", "cone of cold", "control winds", "creation", "dominate person", "enervation", "far step", "hold monster", "immolation", "insect plague", "seeming", "skill empowerment", "summon draconic spirit", "synaptic static", "telekinesis", "wall of light", "wall of stone", "chain lightning", "circle of death", "disintegrate", "eyebite", "fizban's platinum shield", "flesh to stone", "globe of invulnerability", "investiture of flame", "investiture of ice", "investiture of stone", "investiture of wind", "mass suggestion", "mental prison", "move earth", "otiluke's freezing sphere", "scatter", "sunbeam", "tasha's otherworldly guise", "true seeing", "crown of stars", "delayed blast fireball", "draconic transformation", "dream of the blue veil", "etherealness", "finger of death", "fire storm", "power word: pain", "prismatic spray", "reverse gravity", "abi-dalzim's horrid wilting", "dominate monster", "earthquake", "incendiary cloud", "power word: stun", "sunburst", "blade of disaster", "flame emperor", "island shaking", "mass polymorph", "meteor swarm", "power word: kill", "psychic scream", "time stop"
].forEach( function (s) {
	if(SpellsList[s] && SpellsList[s].classes && SpellsList[s].classes.indexOf("hybrid") === -1) SpellsList[s].classes.push("hybrid");
});

ClassList["hybrid"] = {

	name : "Hybrid",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*hybrid).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 56],

	primaryAbility : "Charisma",

	prereqs : "Charisma 13",

	die : 6,

	improvements : [0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5],

	saves : ["Cha", "Con"],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Hybrid") + ": Choose two from Arcana, Deception, Insight, Intimidation, Persuasion, and Religion.", "\n\n" + toUni("Hybrid") + ": None."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, ["dagger", "dart", "sling", "quarterstaff", "musket"]],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Hybrid starting equipment:\n \u2022 A musket and 20 ammunition -or- any simple weapon;\n \u2022 A component pouch;\n \u2022 A dungeoneer's pack -or- an explorer's pack;\n \u2022 Two daggers.",

	subclasses : ["Hybrid Lineage", [""]],

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	abilitySave : 6,

	spellcastingFactor : 1,

	spellcastingKnown : {

		cantrips : [4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6],

		spells : [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 11, 11, 11, 12, 12, 13, 13, 14, 14, 15, 14, 15, 15],

		prepared : true,

	},

	spellcastingList : {

		class : "hybrid",
	},

	features : {

		"subclassfeature1" : {
			name : "Hybrid Lineage",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 58],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose a hybrid lineage, which describes the source of my innate power. I choose the Seraphim, Germa, or Beast Lineage",
		},

		"hybrid enhancements" : {
			name : "Hybrid Enhancements",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 58],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I tap into a deep wellspring of power within myself, formed from advanced lineage factors. This wellspring is represented by Hybrid Points, which allow me to create a variety of special effects.\n   Flexible Powers: I can use my hybrid points to gain additional spell slots, or sacrifice spell slots to gain additional hybrid points. I learn other ways to use my hybrid points as I reach higher levels.\n     Creating Spell Slots: I can transform unexpended hybrid points into one spell slot as a bonus action on my turn. The Creating Spell Slots table shows the cost of creating a spell slot of a given level. I can create hybrid power slots no higher in level than 5th. Any spell slot I create with this feature vanishes when I finish a long rest.\n     Converting Spell Slots to Hybrid Points: As a bonus action on my turn, I can expend one spell slot and gain a number of hybrid points equal to the slot's level.",
			additional : ["", "2 Hybrid Points", "3 Hybrid Points", "4 Hybrid Points", "5 Hybrid Points", "6 Hybrid Points", "7 Hybrid Points", "8 Hybrid Points", "9 Hybrid Points", "10 Hybrid Points", "11 Hybrid Points", "12 Hybrid Points", "13 Hybrid Points", "14 Hybrid Points", "15 Hybrid Points", "16 Hybrid Points", "17 Hybrid Points", "18 Hybrid Points", "19 Hybrid Points", "20 Hybrid Points"],
			toNotesPage : [{
				name : "Creating Spell Slots Table",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 58],
				popupName : "Creating Spell Slots Table",
				note : [
					"Spell Slot Level    Hybrid Point Cost",
					"1st                 2",
					"2nd                 3",
					"3rd                 5",
					"4th                 6",
					"5th                 7"
				]
			}]
		},

		"power enhancements" : {
			name : "Power Enhancements",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 58],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I gain two of the following Enhancements options of my choice. I gain another one at 10th and 17th level. I can use only one Enhancement option on a spell when I cast it, unless otherwise noted.",
			extraname : "Enhancements",
			extrachoices : ["Careful", "Distant", "Empowered", "Extended", "Heightened", "Quickened", "Seeking", "Subtle", "Transmuted", "Twinned"],
			extraTimes : levels.map(function (n) {
				return n < 3 ? 1 : n < 10 ? 2 : n < 17 ? 3 : 4;
			}),
			"careful" : {
				name : "Careful Enhancement",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a hybrid power that forces other creatures to make a saving throw, I can protect some of those creatures from the hybrid's full force. To do so, I spend 1 hybrid point and choose a number of those creatures up to my Charisma modifier (minimum of one creature). A chosen creature automatically succeeds on its saving throw against the spell.",
			},

			"distant" : {
				name : "Distant Enhancement",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell that has a range of 5 feet or greater, I can spend 1 hybrid point to double the range of the spell. When I cast a spell that has a range of touch, I can spend 1 hybrid point to make the range of the spell 30 feet.",
			},

			"empowered" : {
				name : "Empowered Enhancement",
				description : "\n   " + "When I roll damage for a spell, I can spend 1 hybrid point to reroll a number of the damage dice up to my Charisma modifier (minimum of one). I must use the new rolls. I can use Empowered Enhancement even if I have already used a different Enhancement option during the casting of the spell.",
			},

			"extended" : {
				name : "Extended Enhancement",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell that has a duration of 1 minute or longer, I can spend 1 hybrid point to double its duration, to a maximum duration of 24 hours.",
			},

			"heightened" : {
				name : "Heightened Enhancement",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell that forces a creature to make a saving throw to resist its effects, I can spend 3 hybrid points to give one target of the spell disadvantage on its first saving throw made against the spell.",
			},

			"quickened" : {
				name : "Quickened Enhancement",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell that has a casting time of 1 action, I can spend 2 hybrid points to change the casting time to 1 bonus action for this casting.",
			},

			"seeking" : {
				name : "Seeking Enhancement",
				description : "\n   " + "If I make an attack roll for a spell and miss, I can spend 2 hybrid points to reroll the d20, and I must use the new roll. I can use Seeking Enhancement even if I have already used a different Enhancement option during the casting of the hybrid power.",
			},

			"subtle" : {
				name : "Subtle Enhancement",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell, I can spend 1 hybrid point to cast it without any somatic or verbal components.",
			},

			"transmuted" : {
				name : "Transmuted Enhancement",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell that deals a type of damage from the following list, I can spend 1 hybrid point to change that damage type to one of the other listed types: acid, cold, fire, lightning, poison, thunder.",
			},

			"twinned" : {
				name : "Twinned Enhancement",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell hat targets only one creature and doesn't have a range of self, I can spend a number of hybrid points equal to the spell's level to target a second creature in range with the same spell (1 hybrid point if the spell is a cantrip). To be eligible, a spell must be incapable of targeting more than one creature at the spell's current level.",
			}
		},

		"hybrid resilience" : {
			name : "Hybrid Resilience",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 59],
			minlevel : 5,
			description : "\n   " + "When I make an ability check that fails, I can spend 1 hybrid point to reroll the d20, and I must use the new roll, potentially turning the failure into a success.",
		},

		"hybrid restoration" : {
			name : "Hybrid Restoration",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 59],
			minlevel : 20,
			description : "\n   " + "I regain 4 expended hybrid points whenever I finish a short rest.",
		},
	}
}

AddSubClass(

	"hybrid",

	"seraphim lineage",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*seraphim)(?=.*lineage).*$/i,

		subname : "Seraphim Lineage",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 59],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature1" : {
				name : "Lunarian Blessing",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 59],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "If I fail a saving throw or miss with an attack roll, I can roll 2d4 and add it to the total, possibly changing the outcome. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "short rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature1.1" : {
				name : "Angelic Resilience",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 59],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "My HP maximum increases by 1 and increases by 1 again whenever I gain a level in this class. Additionally, I gain glowing yellow eyes, black feathers, small flickers of fire sprouting from my back, and darkened skin. When I'm noy wearing armor, my AC equals 13 + my Dexterity modifier.",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Flame Affinity",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 60],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell that deals fire damage, add my Charisma modifier to one damage roll of that spell. At the same time, I can spend 1 hybrid point to gain resistance to fire damage for 1 hour.",
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Celestial Wings",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 60],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain the ability to sprout a pair of black feathered wings from my back, gaining a flying speed equal to my current speed. I can create these wings as a bonus action on my turn. They last until I dismiss them as a bonus action on my turn. I can't manifest my wings while wearing armor unless the armor is made to accommodate them, and clothing not made to accommodate my wings might be destroyed when I manifest them.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Heavenly Presence",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 60],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I can spend 5 hybrid points to draw on this power and exude an aura of awe or fear (my choice) to a distance of 60 feet. For 1 minute or until I lose my concentration (as if you were casting a concentration spell), each hostile creature that starts its turn in this aura must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or be charmed (if I chose awe) or frightened (if I chose fear) until the aura ends. A creature that succeeds on this saving throw is immune to my aura for 24 hours.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"hybrid",

	"germa lineage",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*germa)(?=.*lineage).*$/i,

		subname : "Germa Lineage",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 60],

		weaponprofs : [true, true, false],

		armor : [false, false, false, true],

		spellcastingExtra : ["compelled duel", "searing smite", "thunderous smite", "wrathful smite", "branding smite", "magic weapon", "binding smite", "elemental weapon", "staggering smite"],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature1" : {
				name : "Soldier's Durability",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 60],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "My HP maximum increases by 1, and it increases by 1 again whenever I gain a level in this class. As an action, I can gain a base AC of 13 + my Constitution modifier if I'm not wearing armor, and my skin and bones have the consistency of steel and appears dented when damaged. This effect lasts until I end it as abonus action, I'm incapacitated, or I don armor other than a shield.",
				action : ["action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Elemental Absorption",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 61],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "I coose between fire, lightning, thunder, and poison. I know have resistance to the chosen damage type. Additionally, whenever I'm damaged by the chosen damage type, the next spell I cast against an enemy deals additional damage equal to 1d6 of the chosen damage type. This damage die increases to a d8 at the 14th level and a d10 at the 18th level.",
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Modified Flesh",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 61],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can spend 1 or more hybrid points to transform my body for 10 minutes. For each hybrid point I spend, I can gain one of the following benefits of my choice, the effects of which last until the transformation ends:\n   I can see any invisible creature within 60 feet of me, provided it isn't behind total cover. My eyes also turn red and form a crosshair around my pupils.\n   I gain a flying speed equal to my walking speed and can hover. As I fly, my feet or shoes emit short bursts of air.\n   I gain a swimming speed equal to twice my walkingspeed, and I can breathe underwater.\n   My body, along with any equipment I'm wearing orcarrying, becomes slick and pliable. I can move through any space as narrow as 1 inch without squeezing, and I can spend 5 feet of movement to escape from non-magical restraints or being grappled.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature18" : {
				name : "Warping Implosion",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 61],
				minlevel : 18,
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I can teleport to an unoccupied space I can see within 120 feet of me. Immediately after I disappear, each creature within 30 feet of the space I left must make a Strength saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 3d10 force damage and is pulled straight toward the space I left, ending in an unoccupied space as close to my former space as possible. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't pulled. Once I use this feature, I can't do so again until I finish a long rest, unless I spend 5 hybrid points to use it again.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["action"]
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"hybrid",

	"beast lineage",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*beast)(?=.*lineage).*$/i,

		subname : "Beast Lineage",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 61],

		vision : [["Darkvision", 120]],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature1" : {
				name : "Animalistic Traits",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 61],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "I choose one of the following mutations I inherit:\n   I have the ability to breathe underwater, and I have a swim speed equal to my walking speed. I also grow gills from the back of my neck or behind my ears, my fingers become webbed, and I grow lasting cilia that extend through my clothing.\n   I have a flying speed equal to my walking speed. Also, my arms become feathered and wing-like, and my legs harden and contort to become talon-like.\n   My walking speed permanently increases to 35 feet. Additionally, I can attempt to hide even when I'm only lightly obscured by foliage, heavy rain, falling snow, mist, and other natural phenomena. I also grow a patchy fur coat or another mammalian feature.",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Bestial Defense",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 61],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain resistance to psychic damage, as my instincts make my mind too sturdy to influence. I also gain the ability to defend myself by making a sudden escape away from danger. As a reaction, when I'm hit by an attack and take bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing damage from it, I can reduce that damage by an amount equal to my hybrid level plus my Charisma score, and then I can move up to 30 feet without provoking opportunity attacks. Once I use this special reaction, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "short rest",
				action : ["reaction"]
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Flexible Body",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 61],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "When I move on my turn, I take only half damage from opportunity attacks, and I can move through any enemy's space but can’t willingly end my move there. On my turn, I can move through any space that is at least 3 inches in diameter and do so without squeezing. When I stop moving, the regular squeezing rules apply if I'm in a space one size smaller than me. I can't willingly stop in a space smaller than that, and if I'm forced to do so, I immediately flow to the nearest space that can fit me, back along the path of your movement.",
			},
			"subclassfeature18" : {
				name : "Final Evolution",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 61],
				minlevel : 18,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain the following benefits:\n   I no longer need to eat, drink, or sleep.\n   A critical hit against me becomes a normal hit.\n   I have resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage.",
				dmgres : ["Bludgeoning", "Piercing", "Slashing"],
			},
		}
	}
);

[//marksman spells
	"absorb elements", "alarm", "animal friendship", "beast bond", "cure wounds", "detect magic", "detect poison and disease", "ensnaring strike", "entangle", "fog cloud", "hail of thorns", "hunter's mark", "jump", "longstrider", "searing smite", "snare", "speak with animals", "zephyr strike", "aid", "animal messenger", "barkskin", "beast sense", "cordon of arrows", "darkvision", "enhance ability", "find traps", "gust of wind", "lesser restoration", "locate animals or plants", "locate object", "magic weapon", "pass without trace", "protection from poison", "silence", "spike growth", "summon beast", "ashardalon's stride", "conjure animals", "conjure barrage", "daylight", "elemental weapon", "flame arrows", "lightning arrow", "nondetection", "protection from energy", "revivify", "soap bubble", "speak with plants", "summon fey", "water breathing", "water walk", "wind wall", "conjure woodland beings", "dominate beast", "freedom of movement", "grasping vine", "locate creature", "stoneskin", "summon elemental", "commune with nature", "conjure volley", "great heaven splitter", "greater restoration", "steel wind strike", "swift quiver"
].forEach( function (s) {
	if(SpellsList[s] && SpellsList[s].classes && SpellsList[s].classes.indexOf("marksman") === -1) SpellsList[s].classes.push("marksman");
});

ClassList["marksman"] = {

	name : "Marksman",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*marksman).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 62],

	primaryAbility : "Wisdom",

	prereqs : "Dexterity 13 and Wisdom 13",

	die : 10,

	improvements : [0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5],

	saves : ["Str", "Dex"],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Marksman") + ": Choose two from Acrobatics, Insight, Investigation, History, Perception, Sleight of Hand, Stealth, and Survival.", "\n\n" + toUni("Marksman") + ": Choose one from Acrobatics, Insight, Investigation, History, Perception, Sleight of Hand, Stealth, or Survival."],

	toolProfs : {
		primary : ["Tinker's tools"],
		secondary : [[""]]
	},

	armor : [
		[true, true, false, true],
		[true, true, false, true]
	],

	weapons : [
		[true, true, false],
		[true, true, false]
	],

	equipment : "Marksman starting equipment:\n \u2022 Scale mail -or- a thick shirt;\n \u2022 Two shortswords -or- two simple melee weapons;\n \u2022 A dungeoneer's pack -or- an explorer's pack;\n \u2022 A rifle and 20 bullets -or- a pistol and 20 bullets;\n \u2022 A set of tinker's tools.",

	subclasses : ["Marksman Archetype", [""]],

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2],

	abilitySave : 5,

	spellcastingFactor : 2,

	spellcastingKnown : {

		cantrips : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

		spells : [0, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 6, 6, 7, 7, 8, 8, 9, 9, 10, 10, 11, 11],

		prepared : true,

	},

	spellcastingList : {

		class : "marksman",
	},

	features : {

		"hawk-eyed" : {
			name : "Hawk-Eyed",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 63],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "My proficiency bonus is doubled when making Perception checks. If my proficiency bonus is already doubled for the perception skill, I may choose another skill that uses my Wisdom modifier. My proficiency bonus is now doubled for any ability check that uses the chosen proficiency instead",
		},

		"lock-on" : {
			name : "Lock-On",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 63],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with an attack roll using a firearm or sling, I can mark the target for 1 minute. The first time on each of my turns that I hit the marked enemy and deal damage to it, including when I mark it, I increase that damage by 1d4. I can use this feature to mark a creature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, and I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest. This feature's extra damage increases when I reach certain levels in this class.",
			additional : ["1d4", "1d4", "1d4", "1d4", "1d4", "1d6", "1d6", "1d6", "1d6", "1d6", "1d6", "1d6", "1d6", "1d8", "1d8", "1d8", "1d8", "1d8", "1d8", "1d8"],
		},

		"fighting style" : {
			name : "Fighting Style",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 63],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I adopt a particular style of fighting as my specialty, choosing one of the following options.",
			choices : ["Close Quarters Shooter", "Deadeye", "Sharpened Shot", "Two-Weapon Fighting"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"close quarters shooter" : {
				name : "Close Quarters Shooter Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "When making a ranged attack with a firearm or sling while I'm within 5 feet of a hostile creature, I do not have disadvantage on the attack roll. My ranged attacks with a firearm or sling ignore half cover and three-quarters cover against targets within 30 feet of me. I have a +1 bonus to attack rolls on ranged attacks with a firearm or sling.",
			},

			"deadeye" : {
				name : "Deadeye Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain a +2 bonus to attack rolls I make with firearm or sling weapons. This effect does not stack with the Archery fighting style.",
			},

			"sharpened shot" : {
				name : "Sharpened Shot Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain a +2 bonus to damage rolls I make using firearms or slings.",
			},

			"two-weapon fighting" : {
				name : "Two-Weapon Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "When I engage in two-weapon fighting with at least one pistol, I can add my ability modifier to the damage of the second attack.",
			},
		},

		"gunsmith" : {
			name : "Gunsmith",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 64],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I can use my Tinker's Tools to craft any type of non-magical firearm or sling and ammunition for a weapon I possess by spending half of the standard cost listed. During a successful long rest, I must have spent at least 1 hour during it to completely build one firearm or up to five pieces of ammunition. I cannot repeat this process until the next time I complete a long rest.",
		},

		"subclassfeature3" : {
			name : "Marksman Archetype",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 64],
			minlevel : 3,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose the archetype that best suits my own style and profession. I choose the Gunslinger, Sniper, or Bounty Hunter",
		},

		"prey awareness" : {
			name : "Prey Awareness",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 64],
			minlevel : 3,
			description : "\n   " + "I can use my action to expend 1 spell slot to focus my awareness on the region around me. For 1 minute per spell slot I expend, I can sense whether the following types of creatures are present within 1 mile of me: aberrations, celestials, dragons, elementals, fey, fiends, and undead. This feature doesn't reveal the creature's location or number of creatures. Additionally, I may select one creature I have seen before when I activate this feature. While this feature is active, I know if the target creature is within 1 mile of me, but not its exact location.",
			action : ["action"]
		},

		"expert reload" : {
			name : "Expert Reload",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 64],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose one type of firearm I possess. I ignore the loading properties of only that firearm type (such as bazooka). I can choose a different firearm type when I gain an extra level in this class.",
		},

		"greater lock-on" : {
			name : "Greater Lock-On",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 64],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "I can add my Wisdom modifier to the damage dealt by \"Lock-On\". Additionally, I have advantage on saving throws against the spells and abilities used by a creature with \"Lock-On\" applied to it.",
		},

		"fleet of foot" : {
			name : "Fleet of Foot",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 64],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "I can use the Dash action as a bonus action on my turn.",
		},

		"trick shot" : {
			name : "Trick Shot",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 65],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "Once per turn, I can target a specific location on a foe's body, so long as the foe's body has the location I want to target. When I hit with with a firearm or sling attack, I may add an additional effect based on the targeted location. A target creature hit by must make a saving throw against my spell save DC.\n   Armshot: On a hit, the target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or drop a single held item of my choice.\n   Bodyshot: On a hit, the target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or has disadvantage on all Dexterity saving throws and cannot speak until the start of my next turn.\n   Headshot: On a hit, the target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or become disoriented, as if affected by the confusion spell, until the start of my next turn.\n   Legshot: On a hit, the target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or fall prone.\n   Wingshot: On a hit, the target must make a Constitution saving throw or have its flying speed reduced to 0 until the start of my next turn.\nI may add a trick shot effect a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus and regain all uses when I finish a long rest. At the 20th level, I may add a trick shot effect an unlimited amount of times, but only once per turn.",
			usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],
			recovery : "long rest",
		},

		"silencer shot" : {
			name : "Silencer Shot",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 65],
			minlevel : 14,
			description : "\n   " + "I can use the Hide action as a bonus action on my turn. Also, I can't be tracked by non-magical means, unless I choose to leave a trail, and the sound of my firearms do not immediately give away my exact location.",
		},

		"ascended awareness" : {
			name : "Ascended Awareness",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 65],
			minlevel : 18,
			description : "\n   " + "I may unlock any one \"Very Rare\" or lower Color of Observation Haki Advancement feat. If I have already taken all the very rare and lower Observation Haki feats, I may take a very rare or lower Haki Advancement feat under a different color of Haki, assuming I meet the prerequisites.",
		},

		"one shot one kill" : {
			name : "One Shot One Kill",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 65],
			minlevel : 20,
			description : "\n   " + "Once on each of my turns when I hit a creature marked by your \"Lock-On\" feature with a firearm or sling, I can choose to attempt to execute the creature instead of dealing extra damage to it. If the creature has 30 or less HP after my attack's initial damage has already been dealt, it must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my spell save DC or it dies instantly.",
		},
	}
}

AddSubClass(

	"marksman",

	"gunslinger",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*gunslinger).*$/i,

		subname : "Gunslinger",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 65],

		fullname : "Gunslinger",

		vision : [["Darkvision", 90]],

		spellcastingExtra : ["disguise self", "rope trick", "glyph or warding", "greater invisibility", "seeming"],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Quick-Draw",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 65],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "I can give myself a bonus to my initiative rolls equal to my Wisdom modifier. At the start of my first turn of each combat, my walkingspeed increases by 10 feet, which lasts until the end of that turn. If I take the Attack action with a sling or firearm on that turn, I can make one additional weapon attack with a sling or firearm as part of that action. If that attack hits, the target takes an extra 1d8 damage of the weapon's damage type.",
			},
			"subclassfeature7" : {
				name : "Iron Mind",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 65],
				minlevel : 7,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain proficiency in Wisdom saving throws.",
				saves : ["Wis"],
			},
			"subclassfeature11" : {
				name : "High Noon",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 65],
				minlevel : 11,
				description : "\n   " + "If I miss with a firearm or sling attack during my turn, I can immediately make an additional ranged attack with that weapon. I can gain one additional attack during my turn with this ability.",
			},
			"subclassfeature15" : {
				name : "Quick-Step",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 65],
				minlevel : 15,
				description : "\n   " + "If a creature attacks me and does not have advantage on the attack roll, I can use my reaction to grant it disadvantage on the attack roll. I must use this ability before I know the result of the attack.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"marksman",

	"sniper",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sniper).*$/i,

		subname : "Sniper",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],

		fullname : "Sniper",

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Scoping",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "My range with firearms and slings becomes 150/600 feet unless its already a greater amount.",
			},
			"subclassfeature3.1" : {
				name : "Empowered Bullet",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "When I hit with a firearm or sling attack, I can expend a spell slot to deal additional damage to a target. The extra damage is equal to 1d6 for a 1st-level spell slot, plus 1d6 for each spell slot higher than 1st, up to a maximum of 5d6.",
			},
			"subclassfeature7" : {
				name : "Vantage Point",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],
				minlevel : 7,
				description : "\n   " + "I have advantage on Stealth checks if I move no more than half my speed on the same turn.",
			},
			"subclassfeature11" : {
				name : "Sniper's Support",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],
				minlevel : 11,
				description : "\n   " + "When a creature is marked by my \"Lock-On\", allied creatures have advantage on attack rolls against it until the mark ends. Additionally, the marked creature sheds dim light in a 10-foot radius, becoming clearly outlined.",
			},
			"subclassfeature15" : {
				name : "Counter-Snipe",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],
				minlevel : 15,
				description : "\n   " + "If a creature marked with \"Lock-On\" forces me to make a saving throw, I can use my reaction to make one weapon attack against the quarry. I make this attack immediately before making the saving throw. If the attack hits, my save automatically succeeds, in addition to the attack's normal effects.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"marksman",

	"bounty hunter",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*bounty)(?=.*hunter).*$/i,

		subname : "Bounty Hunter",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],

		fullname : "Bounty Hunter",

		spellcastingExtra : ["protection from evil and good", "hold person", "magic circle", "otiluke's resilient sphere", "hold monster"],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Hunter's Sense",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I choose one creature I can see within 60 feet of me. I immediately learn whether the creature has any damage immunities, resistances, or vulnerabilities and what they are. If the creature is hidden from divination magic, I sense that it has no damage immunities, resistances, or vulnerabilities. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my Wisdom modifier (minimum of once). I regain all expended uses of it when I finish a long rest.",
				usages : "Wisdom modifier per ",
				usagescalc : "event.value = Math.max(1, What('Wis Mod'));",
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["action"],
			},
			"subclassfeature3.1" : {
				name : "Bounty's Brand",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I designate one creature I can see within 60 feet of me as the target of this feature. The first time each turn that I hit that target with a weapon attack, it takes an extra 1d6 damage from the weapon. This benefit lasts until I finish a short or long rest. It ends early if I designate a different creature. When I defeat or kill a creature with a Bounty's Brand on its head, I gain an additional 10% reward from collecting its bounty.",
			},
			"subclassfeature7" : {
				name : "Stalker's Caution",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],
				minlevel : 7,
				description : "\n   " + "Whenever a creature marked by my \"Bounty's Brand\" forces me to make a saving throw and whenever I make an ability check to escape that target's grapple, I add 1d6 to my roll.",
			},
			"subclassfeature11" : {
				name : "Tactical Counter",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],
				minlevel : 11,
				description : "\n   " + "When I see a creature using a spell or teleporting within 60 feet of me, I can use my reaction to try to foil it. The creature must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my spell save DC, or its spell or teleport fails and is wasted. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "short rest",
				action : ["reaction"],
			},
			"subclassfeature15" : {
				name : "Professional Hunter",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 66],
				minlevel : 15,
				description : "\n   " + "If the target of my \"Bounty's Brand\" forces me to make a saving throw, I can use my reaction to make one weapon attack against the quarry. I make this attack immediately before making the saving throw. If the attack hits, my save automatically succeeds, in addition to the attack's normal effects.",
				action : ["reaction"],
			},
		}
	}
);

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["unarmored movement"], true, "Soul Weapon", {
	name : "Soul Weapon",
	extraname : "Optional Monk 2",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 68],
	description : "\n   Whenever I finish a short or long rest, I can touch one weapon, focus my ki on it, and then count that weapon as a monk weapon until I use this feature again. The chosen weapon must meet these criteria:\n   The weapon must be a simple or martial weapon.\n   I must be proficient with it.\n   It must lack the heavy and special properties."
}, "Optional 2nd-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["slow fall"], true, "Heart Chakra", {
	name : "Heart Chakra",
	extraname : "Optional Monk 4",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 69],
	description : "\n   As an action, I can spend 2 ki points and roll a \"Martial Arts\" die. I regain a number of HP equal to the number rolled plus my proficiency bonus.",
	action : ["action"],
}, "Optional 4th-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["slow fall"], true, "Focused Aim", {
	name : "Focused Aim",
	extraname : "Optional Monk 5",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 69],
	description : "\n   When I miss with an attack roll, I can spend 1 to 3 ki points to increase my attack roll by 2 for each of these ki points I spend, potentially turning the miss into a hit."
}, "Optional 5th-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["ki-empowered strikes"], true, "Solar-Plexius Chakra", {
	name : "Solar-Plexius Chakra",
	extraname : "Alternate Monk 6",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 69],
	description : "\n   My unarmed strikes can deal force damage or its normal damage type (my choice)."
}, "Alternate 6th-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["stillness of mind"], true, "Stomach Chakra", {
	name : "Stomach Chakra",
	extraname : "Alternate Monk 7",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 70],
	description : "\n   If I spend at least 1 minute resting, I can give myself all the benefits of a short rest. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest."
}, "Alternate 7th-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["stillness of mind"], true, "Acrobatic Movement", {
	name : "Acrobatic Movement",
	extraname : "Optional Monk 9",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 70],
	description : "\n   While I'm not wearing armor or wielding a shield, I gain the ability to move along vertical surfaces and across liquids on my turn without falling during the movement."
}, "Optional 9th-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["purity of mind"], true, "Root Chakra", {
	name : "Root Chakra",
	extraname : "Alternate Monk 10",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 70],
	description : "\n   I can use a bonus action to remove one of the following conditions from myself: charmed, frightened, or poisoned. In addition, forgoing food and drink doesn't give me levels of exhaustion.",
	action : ["bonus action"],
}, "Alternate 10th-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["tongue of the sun and moon"], true, "Throat Chakra", {
	name : "Throat Chakra",
	extraname : "Alternate Monk 13",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 70],
	description : "\n   I gain telepathy up to 30 feet.",
}, "Alternate 13th-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["tongue of the sun and moon"], true, "Deflect Energy", {
	name : "Deflect Energy",
	extraname : "Optional Monk 13",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 70],
	description : "\n   I can now use my \"Deflect Missiles\" feature against a ranged attack that deals any type of damage.",
}, "Optional 13th-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["timeless body"], true, "Sacral Chakra", {
	name : "Sacral Chakra",
	extraname : "Alternate Monk 15",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 70],
	description : "\n   When I enter combat without any Ki points, I regain 4 Ki Points when I roll initiative.",
}, "Alternate 15th-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["empty body"], true, "Third Eye Chakra", {
	name : "Third Eye Chakra",
	extraname : "Alternate Monk 18",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 70],
	description : "\n   I can use my action to spend 3 ki points to perfectly brace myself against harm for 1 minute or until I'm incapacitated. During that time, I have resistanceto all damage except force damage.",
	action : ["action"],
}, "Alternate 18th-level monk features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.monk.features["perfect self"], true, "Death Chakra", {
	name : "Death Chakra",
	extraname : "Alternate Monk 20",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 70],
	description : "\n   If you drop to 0 HP, I can spend 4 ki points, roll four Martial Arts dice, and add the dice together. My number of HP instead changes to the total rolled. Each time I use this feature after the first, the ki point cost increases by 2. When I finish a short rest or long rest, the ki point cost resets to 4.",
}, "Alternate 20th-level monk features");

AddSubClass(

	"monk",

	"six powers",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*six)(?=.*powers).*$/i,

		subname : "Six Powers",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 71],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Finger Pistol",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 71],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "When I make an unarmed strike, I can choose to use piercing damage for the damage type.",
			},
			"subclassfeature3.1" : {
				name : "Tempest Kick",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 71],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "I can make ranged air slices with my legs or other available limbs. This special attack is a sharp compressed air slice used as a ranged spell attack with a range of 30 feet, in place of my unarmed strike or martial artist weapon attack. I'm proficient with it, and I add my Dexterity modifier to its attack and damage rolls. Its damage is slashing, and its damage die is a d6. This die changes as I gain monk levels, as shown in the \"Martial Arts\" feature. I can only replace one melee attack with this special attack per turn. When I reach 5th level, I can replace two attacks with this special attack per turn instead. When I take the attack action, I can expend 1 ki point to be able to replace all of my melee attacks with this special attack during my turn. At 6th level, I can deal force damage with Tempest Kick instead of slashing.",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Iron Body and Paper Art",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 71],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "My \"Deflect Bullets\" feature can now work against melee attacks that deal bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing damage. I can use this feature this way a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, and I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest. While I have no uses available, I can spend 1 additional ki point to use this feature again. Additionally, if I reduce the damage of a melee attack to 0 with this feature, I can completely shift my body to redirect the attack toward another enemy by spending 1 ki point as part of the same reaction. By redirecting the attack, I can force it to hit a creature of my choice, other than the attacker, within 5 feet of me.",
				usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],
				recovery : "long rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature11" : {
				name : "Shave",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 71],
				minlevel : 11,
				description : "\n   " + "I can use a bonus action to teleport up to 60 feet to an unoccupied space I can see. I then have advantage on the first melee attack I make before the end of the turn. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus. After I've expended all these uses, I can only use Shave again by spending 1 ki point to activate it. I regain all uses of this feature after I complete a long rest.",
				usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},
			"subclassfeature11.1" : {
				name : "Moon Walk",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 71],
				minlevel : 11,
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my \"Step of the Wind\" feature, I can now kick the air with such force that I begin to propel myself. While I do this, I have a flying speed equal to my walking speed until the end of my next turn. Additionally, using the \"Slow Fall\" feature now reduces any falling damage I take to 0.",
			},
			"subclassfeature17" : {
				name : "Six King Gun",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 71],
				minlevel : 17,
				description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with an unarmed strike within 5 feet of me, I can spend 3 ki points to force it to make a Constitution saving throw. If it fails, it is reduced to 0 HP. If it succeeds, it takes 10d10 force damage. Until the end of my next turn, I can't take an action on my turn, as a wave of lethargy sweeps over me.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"monk",

	"fish-man karate",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*fish-man)(?=.*karate).*$/i,

		subname : "Fish-Man Karate",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 72],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Water Adept",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 72],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "When I make an unarmed strike, I can choose to use cold damage for the damage type.",
			},
			"subclassfeature3.1" : {
				name : "Aravesque Tile True Punch",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 72],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "Whenever I hit a creature with one of the attacks granted by my \"Flurry of Blows\" feature, I can impose one of the following effects on that target:\n   It must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or be knocked prone.\n   It must make a Strength saving throw. If it fails, I can push it up to 15 feet away from me.\n   It can't take reactions until the end of my next turn.",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Five Thousand Tile True Punch",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 72],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "Immediately after I take the attack action on my trn, as a bonus action, I can spend 2 ki points to force each creature in a 15-foot cone to make a Dexterity saving throw against my Ki save DC. A creature takes three \"Martial Arts\" dice in cold damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. I can spend additional ki points to add additional \"Martial Arts\" die to the damage.",
				action : ["bonus action", " (after an attack)"],
			},
			"subclassfeature6.1" : {
				name : "Wrath of the Sea",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 72],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "My attacks made with my unarmed strikes, monk weapon, or martial artist spells deal additional cold damage equal to half my proficiency bonus (rounded up).",
			},
			"subclassfeature11" : {
				name : "Sharksin Palm Block",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 72],
				minlevel : 11,
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can takea defensive stance to create a protective aura of water that emerges 30 feet from me for 1 minute. I choose acid, cold, fire, lightning, or poison damage, and for the duration, I gain the following effects:\n   Me and my allies within my aura gain resistance to the chosen damage type.\n   Waves of water-infused aura flow out from me and my allies when any of us are attacked. When me or one of my allies in the aura is hit by an attack made by another creature within the aura, the target of the attack can use their reaction to deal an amount of cold damage equal to one roll of my \"Martial Arts\" die to the attacker.\nOnce I use this bonus action, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest, unless I expend 4 ki points to use it again.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},
			"subclassfeature17" : {
				name : "Shark Pack Attack",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 72],
				minlevel : 17,
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I can spend up to any number of ki points and conjure a number of shark projectiles equal to ki points spent to hurl at targets within 120 feet of me. I can hurl them at one target or several. I make a ranged spell attack for each shark using my proficiency bonus + my Wisdom modiifer for the attack modifier. On a hit, the target takes 2 \"Martial Arts\" die in cold damage and is restrained until the start of my next turn, when the sharks evaporate.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"monk",

	"new okama kenpo",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*new)(?=.*okama)(?=.*kenpo).*$/i,

		subname : "New Okama Kenpo",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 73],

		fullname : "Bounty Hunter",

		skills : ["Performance"],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Spinning Spa",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 73],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "Whenever I use \"Flurry of Blows\", I gain the benefit of the Disengage action, and my walking speed increases by 20 feet until the end of my turn.",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Kick Claw First Pointe",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 73],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "When a creature moves within 15 feet of me for the first time during its turn, I can use my reaction to spin or flip and leap up to 15 feet toward a space adjacent to it. If I do, I make an unarmed attack against the creature immediately at the end of the movement. If I hit the creature, it's speed becomes 0 for the rest of the turn. If the creature is in the air, it also falls to the ground.",
				action : ["reaction"],
			},
			"subclassfeature11" : {
				name : "Awakening of the Maiden",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 73],
				minlevel : 11,
				description : "\n   " + "When I make an ability check, an attack roll, or a saving throw and have disadvantage on the roll, I can spend 2 ki points to cancel the disadvantage for that roll. Additionally, when I'm prone, I can choose to stand up on my turn without spending half my movement.",
			},
			"subclassfeature17" : {
				name : "Galaxy Spin",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 73],
				minlevel : 17,
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my \"Flurry of Blows\", I can make an additional attack with it (up to a total of three \"Flurry of Blows\" attacks). Also, whenever I hit an enemy with my \"Flurry of Blows\", they have disadvantage on attacks against me until the end of their next turn.",
			},
		}
	}
);

[//priest spells
	"guidance", "light", "mending", "resistance", "sacred flame", "spare the dying", "thaumaturgy", "toll the dead", "word of radiance", "bane", "bless", "ceremony", "command", "create or destroy water", "cure wounds", "detect evil and good", "detect magic", "detect poison and disease", "guiding bolt", "healing word", "inflict wounds", "protection from evil and good", "purify food and drink", "sanctuary", "shield of faith", "aid", "augury", "blindness/deafness", "borrowed knowledge", "calm emotions", "continual flame", "enhance ability", "find traps", "gentle repose", "hold person", "lesser restoration", "locate object", "prayer of healing", "protection from poison", "silence", "spiritual weapon", "warding bond", "zone of truth", "animate dead", "aura of vitality", "beacon of hope", "bestow curse", "clairvoyance", "create food and water", "daylight", "dispel magic", "fast friends", "feign death", "glyph of warding", "incite greed", "life transference", "magic circle", "mass healing word", "meld into stone", "motivational speech", "protection from energy", "remove curse", "revivify", "sending", "speak with dead", "spirit guardians", "spirit shroud", "water walk", "aura of life", "aura of purity", "death ward", "divination", "freedom of movement", "guardian of faith", "locate creature", "stone shape", "commune", "contagion", "dawn", "dispel evil and good", "flame strike", "geas", "greater restoration", "hallow", "holy weapon", "insect plague", "legend lore", "mass cure wounds", "planar binding", "raise dead", "scrying", "summon celestial", "blade barrier", "create undead", "find the path", "forbiddance", "harm", "heal", "heroes' feast", "sunbeam", "true seeing", "conjure celestial", "divine word", "etherealness", "fire storm", "regenerate", "resurrection", "symbol", "temple of the gods", "antimagic field", "control weather", "earthquake", "holy aura", "poison giant: hell's judgement", "sunburst", "flame emperor", "island shaking", "locate devil fruit power", "mass heal", "power word heal", "true resurrection"
].forEach( function (s) {
	if(SpellsList[s] && SpellsList[s].classes && SpellsList[s].classes.indexOf("priest") === -1) SpellsList[s].classes.push("priest");
});

ClassList["priest"] = {

	name : "Priest",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*priest).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 74],

	primaryAbility : "Wisdom",

	prereqs : "Wisdom 13",

	die : 8,

	improvements : [0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5],

	saves : ["Wis", "Cha"],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Priest") + ": Choose two from History, Insight, Medicine, Persuasion, and Religion.", "\n\n" + toUni("Priest") + ": None."],

	armor : [
		[true, true, false, true],
		[true, true, false, true]
	],

	weapons : [
		[true, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Priest starting equipment:\n \u2022 A mace -or- a warhammer (if proficient);\n \u2022 Scale mail -or- a thick shirt -or- chain mail (if proficient);\n \u2022 A musket and 20 bullets -or- any simple weapon;\n \u2022 A priest's pack -or- an explorer's pack;\n \u2022 A shield and a holy syombol.",

	subclasses : ["Divine Domain", [""]],

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	abilitySave : 5,

	spellcastingFactor : 1,

	spellcastingKnown : {

		cantrips : [3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

		spells : [2, 3, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 16, 17, 17, 18, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22],

		prepared : true,

	},

	spellcastingList : {

		class : "priest",
	},

	features : {

		"subclassfeature1" : {
			name : "Divine Domain",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 75],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose one domain related to my teachings: Sky, Desert, or Death.",
		},

		"channel divinity: turn undead" : {
			name : "Channel Divinity: Turn Undead",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 76],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "As an action, I present my holy symbol and speak a prayer censuring the undead. Each undead that can see or hear me within 30 feet of me must make a Wisdom saving throw. If the creature fails its saving throw, it is turned for 1 minute or until it takes any damage. A turned creature must spend its turns trying to move as far away from you as it can, and it can't willingly move to a space within 30 feet of me. It also can't take reactions. For its action, it can use only the Dash action or try to escape from an effect that prevents it from moving. If there's nowhere tomove, the creature can use the Dodge action.",
			usages : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3],
			recovery : "short rest",
			action : ["action"]
		},

		"destroy undead" : {
			name : "Destroy Undead",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 76],
			minlevel : 5,
			description : "\n   " + "When an undead fails its saving throw against my \"Turn Undead\" feature, the creature is instantly destroyed if its challenge rating is at or below a certain threshold, as shown in the Destroy Undead table.\n   Priest Level   Destroys Undead of CR...\n   5th            1/2 or lower\n   8th            1 or lower\n   11th           2 or lower\n   14th           3 or lower\n   17th           4 or lower",
		},

		"blessed strikes" : {
			name : "Blessed Strikes",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 76],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "When a creature takes damage from one of my cantrips or weapon attacks, I can also deal 1d8 radiant damage to that creature. Once I deal this damage, I can't use this feature again until the start of my next turn.",
		},

		"a call beyond" : {
			name : "A Call Beyond",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 76],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "I can channel my god's spirit directly through me to summon it and wish for greater power. Channeling this divine energy to make a wish requires an action. I describe the effect I want, and roll percentile dice. If I roll a number equal to or lower than my priest level, my wish comes true. The DM chooses the nature of the wish. If this effect succeeds, I can't use this feature again for 7 days. Otherwise, I can use it again after I finish a long rest. At 20th level, this feature succeeds automatically, no roll required.",
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
			action : ["action"]
		},
	}
}

AddSubClass(

	"priest",

	"sky domain",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sky)(?=.*domain).*$/i,

		subname : "Sky Domain",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 77],

		weaponprofs : [false, true, false],

		armor : [false, false, true, false],

		spellcastingExtra : ["fog cloud", "thunderwave", "gust of wind", "shatter", "call lightning", "sleet storm", "control weather", "ice storm", "destructive wave", "insect plague"],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature1" : {
				name : "Thunderous Dial Strike",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 77],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "When a creature within 5 feet of me that I can see hits me with an attack, I can use my reaction to cause the creature to make a Dexterity saving throw. The creature takes 2d8 lightning or thunder damage (my choice) on a failed saving throw, and half as much damage on a successful one. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my Wisdom modifier (a minimum of once). I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest.",
				usages : "Wisdom modifier per ",
				usagescalc : "event.value = Math.max(1, What('Wis Mod'));",
				recovery : "long rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature2" : {
				name : "Channel Divinity: Destructive Wrath",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 77],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "When I roll lightning or thunder damage, I can use my \"Channel Divinity\" to deal maximum damage, instead of rolling.",
				usages : [0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3],
				recovery : "short rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Dial Ritual",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 77],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "I may spend 24 hours touching and altering a normal shell as a ritual to turn it into a powerful Dial. When the 24 hours are over, I roll on the Rare Dial Table, the shell I'm holding becomes that Dial. I cannot perform this ritual again until I reach 8th, 11th, 14th, or 17th level. I can only perform this ritual once during each of those levels, and it must be used to transform my current ritually created dial into a new dial by rolling on the Rare Dial Table to change its effects into something different.",
			},
			"subclassfeature8" : {
				name : "Dial Infusion",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 77],
				minlevel : 8,
				description : "\n   " + "Once on each of my turns when I hit a creature with a weapon attack, I can cause the attack to deal an extra 1d8 thunder damage to the target. When I reach 14th level, the extra damage increases to 2d8.",
			},
			"subclassfeature17" : {
				name : "Dial Glide",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 77],
				minlevel : 17,
				description : "\n   " + "I can use dials to give me a flying speed equal to my current walking speed whenever I'm not underground or indoors.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"priest",

	"desert domain",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*desert)(?=.*domain).*$/i,

		subname : "Desert Domain",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 78],

		spellcastingBonus : {

			name : "Bonus Cantrip (Desert Domain)",

			spells : ["light"],

			selection : ["light"],

			times : 1,

			prepared : true,

			atwill : true,
		},

		spellcastingExtra : ["burning hands", "faerie fire", "flaming sphere", "scorching ray", "daylight", "fireball", "guardian of faith", "wall of fire", "flame strike", "scrying"],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature1" : {
				name : "Blinding Sands",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 78],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "When I'm attacked by a creature within 30 feet of me that I can see, I can use my reaction to impose disadvantage on the attack roll, causing sand to momentarily blind the attacker before it hits or misses. An attacker that can't be blinded is immune to this feature. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my Wisdom modifier (a minimum of once). I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest.",
				usages : "Wisdom modifier per ",
				usagescalc : "event.value = Math.max(1, What('Wis Mod'));",
				recovery : "long rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature2" : {
				name : "Channel Divinity: Scorching Sun",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 78],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I present my holy symbol⁠, and any magical darkness⁠ within 30 feet of me is dispelled. Additionally, each hostile creature within 30 feet of me must make a Constitution saving throw. A creature takes radiant damage equal to 2d10 + my priest level on a failed saving throw, and half as much damage on a successful one. A creature that has total cover from me is not affected.",
				usages : [0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3],
				recovery : "short rest",
				action : ["action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Crippling Sands",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 78],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "I can also use my \"Blinding Sands\" feature when a creature that I can see within 30 feet of me attacks a creature other than me.",
			},
			"subclassfeature8" : {
				name : "Rising Heat",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 78],
				minlevel : 8,
				description : "\n   " + "I add fire or radiant damage equal to my Wisdom modifier to the damage I deal with any priest cantrip.",
			},
			"subclassfeature17" : {
				name : "Desert Aura",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 78],
				minlevel : 17,
				description : "\n   " + "I can use my action to activate an aura of sunlight and burning sands that lasts for 1 minute or until I dismiss it using another action. I emit bright lightin a 60-foot radius and dim light 30 feet beyond that. My enemies in the bright light have disadvantage on saving throws against any spell that deals fire or radiant damage.",
				action : ["action"]
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"priest",

	"death domain",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*death)(?=.*domain).*$/i,

		subname : "Death Domain",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 79],

		fullname : "Bounty Hunter",

		weaponprofs : [false, true, false],

		spellcastingExtra : ["false life", "ray of sickness", "blindness/deafness", "ray of enfeeblement", "animate dead", "vampiric touch", "blight", "death ward", "antilife shell", "cloudkill"],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature1" : {
				name : "Reap",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 79],
				minlevel : 1,
				description : "\n   " + "I learn one cantrip of my choice from any spell list. When I cast a necromancy cantrip that normally targets only one creature, the spell can instead target two creatures within range and within 5 feet of each other.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Reap",

					school : ["Necro"],

					level : [0, 0],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},
			"subclassfeature2" : {
				name : "Channel Divinity: Sudden Decay",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 79],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with a melee attack, I can use \"Channel Divinity\" to deal extra necrotic damage to the target. The damage equals 5 + twice my Priest level.",
				usages : [0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3],
				recovery : "short rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Withering Grasp",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 79],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "Necrotic damage dealt by my spells and \"Channel Divinity\" options ignores resistance to necrotic damage.",
			},
			"subclassfeature8" : {
				name : "Siphoning Strike",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 79],
				minlevel : 8,
				description : "\n   " + "Once on each of my turns when I hit a creature with a weapon attack, I can cause the attack to deal an extra 1d8 necrotic damage to the target. When I reach 14th level, the extra damage increases to 2d8.",
			},
			"subclassfeature17" : {
				name : "Improved Reap",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 79],
				minlevel : 17,
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a necromancy spell of 1st through 5th Level that targets only one creature, the spell can instead target two creatures within range and within 5 feet of each other. If the holy power consumes its material components, I must provide them for each target.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.rogue.features["blindsense"], true, "Power of Observation", {
	name : "Power of Observation",
	extraname : "Alternate Rogue 14",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 82],
	description : "\n   I may unlock any one \"Rare\" or lower Color of Observation Haki Advancement feat. If I have already taken all the rare and lower Observation Haki feats, I may take a rare or lower Haki Advancement feat under a different color of Haki, assuming I meet the prerequisites."
}, "Alternate 14th-level rogue features");

[//skald(ish) spells
	"great heaven splitter"
].forEach( function (s) {
	if(SpellsList[s] && SpellsList[s].classes && SpellsList[s].classes.indexOf("bard") === -1) SpellsList[s].classes.push("bard");
});

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.bard.features["song of rest"], true, "Versatile Verse", {
	name : "Versatile Verse",
	extraname : "Optional Bard 2",
	source : ["D&DFPHB", 88],
	description : "\n   If a creature has a \"Bardic Inspiration\" die from me and casts a spell that restores HP or deals damage, the creature can roll that die and choose a target affected by the spell. Add the number rolled as a bonus to the HP regained or the damage dealt. The \"Bardic Inspiration\" die is then lost."
}, "Optional 2nd-level bard features");

AddSubClass(

	"bard",

	"school of hypnotism",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*school)(?=.*of)(?=.*hypnotism).*$/i,

		subname : "School of Hypnotism",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 89],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Pain-Numbing Verse",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 89],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "When an ally is hit with a damaging attack, I can expend one use of my Bardic Inspiration die to give 2d6 temporary HP to the target of the attack. The temporary HP increases when I reach certain levels in this class, increasing to 3d6 at 5th Level, 5d6 at 10th level, and 8d6 at 15th level.",
			},
			"subclassfeature3.1" : {
				name : "Hypnotic Words",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 89],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "If I speak to a humanoid alone for at least 1 minute, I can attempt to hypnotize them. At the end of the conversation, the target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my spell save DC or be charmed by me or another creature of my choice. The target is charmed in this way for 1 hour, until it is attacked or damaged, threatened in any way, or until it witnesses its allies being attacked or damaged. If the target succeeds on its saving throw, the target has no hint that I tried to charm it. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "short rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Collar of Command",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 89],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I cast command, without expending a spell slot, and I gain an authoritative aura for 1 minute or until my concentration ends (as if I were concentrating on a spell). During this time, I can cast command as a bonus action on each of my turns, without expending a spell slot. Any creature charmed by me automatically fails its saving throw against the command I cast with this feature. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Complete Hypnosis",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 89],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I hypnotically whisper a phrase that only one creature of my choice within 30 feet of me can hear. The target must make a Wisdom saving throw against my spell save DC. It automatically succeeds if it doesn't share a language with me or if it can't hear me. On a successful saving throw, my whisper sounds like unintelligible mumbling and has no effect. On a failed saving throw, the target is charmed by me for the next 8 hours or until me or my allies attack it, damage it, or force it to make a saving throw. It is hypnotized and will listen to anything I say with an open mind. The charmed creature obeys my commands as if I were a close friend. It won't risk its life for me or fight for me, unless it was already inclined to do so. It grants me favors and gifts it would offer to a close friend. When the effect ends, the creature has no understanding of what happened during its trance and will remember it all as a foggy dream. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["action"]
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"bard",

	"school of battlehymn",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*school)(?=.*of)(?=.*battlehymn).*$/i,

		subname : "School of Battlehymn",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 90],

		fullname : "Bounty Hunter",

		attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2],

		weaponprofs : [false, true, false],

		armor : [false, true, false, true],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Warrior Verse",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 90],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "A creature that has a Bardic Inspiration die from me can roll that die and add the number rolled to a weapon damage roll it just made. Alternatively, when an attack roll is made against the creature, it can use its reaction to roll the Bardic Inspiration die and add the number rolled to its AC against that attack, after seeing the roll but before knowing whether it hits or misses.",
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "War Rythm",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 90],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my action to cast a spell, I can make one weapon attack as a bonus action.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"bard",

	"school of the underworld",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*school)(?=.*of)(?=.*the)(?=.*underworld).*$/i,

		subname : "School of the Underworld",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 90],

		fullname : "Bounty Hunter",

		skillstxt : "Choose any three skills",

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Haunting Verse",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 90],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "When a creature that I can see within 60 feet of me makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a damage roll, I can use my reaction to expend one of my uses of Bardic Inspiration, rolling a Bardic Inspiration die and subtracting the number rolled from the creature's roll. I can choose to use this feature after the creature makes its roll, but before the DM determines whether the attack roll or ability check succeeds or fails, or before the creature deals its damage. The creature is immune if it can't hear me or if it's immune to being charmed.",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Additional Magical Secrets",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 90],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "I learn two spells of my choice from any class. A spell I choose must be of a level I can cast, or a cantrip. The chosen spells⁠ count as bard spells⁠ for me but don't count against the number of bard spells I know.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Additional Magical Secrets",

					class : ["artificer", "bard", "chemist", "cleric", "devilforged", "druid", "hybrid", "marksman", "paladin", "priest", "ranger", "sorcerer", "tinkerer", "warlock", "wizard"],

					times : 2,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Power of the Deep",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 90],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "When I make an ability check, I can expend one use of Bardic Inspiration. I roll a Bardic Inspiration die and add the number rolled to my ability check. I can choose to do so after I roll the die for the ability check, but before the DM tells me whether I succeed or fail.",
			},
		}
	}
);

[//tinkerer spells
	"acid splash", "blade ward", "booming blade", "chill touch", "create bonfire", "dancing lights", "encode thoughts", "fire bolt", "friends", "frostbite", "green-flame blade", "gust", "infestation", "light", "lightning lure", "mage hand", "mending", "message", "mind sliver", "minor illusion", "mold earth", "poison spray", "prestidigitation", "ray of frost", "sapping sting", "shocking grasp", "sword burst", "thunderclap", "toll the dead", "true strike", "absorb elements", "alarm", "burning hands", "catapult", "cause fear", "charm person", "chromatic orb", "color spray", "detect magic", "disguise self", "distort value", "earth tremor", "expeditious retreat", "false life", "feather fall", "find familiar", "fog cloud", "frost fingers", "gift of alacrity", "grease", "ice knife", "identify", "illusory script", "jump", "longstrider", "mage armor", "magic missile", "magnify gravity", "protection from evil and good", "ray of sickness", "shield", "silent image", "silvery barbs", "sleep", "snare", "tasha's caustic brew", "tasha's hideous laughter", "tenser's floating disk", "thunderwave", "unseen servant", "witch bolt", "aganazzar's scorcher", "air bubble", "alter self", "arcane lock", "augury", "blindness/deafness", "blur", "borrowed knowledge", "clouds of daggers", "continual flame", "crown of madness", "darkness", "darkvision", "detect thoughts", "dragon's breath", "dust devil", "earthbind", "enhance ability", "enlarge/reduce", "flaming sphere", "flock of familiars", "fortune's favor", "gentle repose", "gift of gab", "gust of wind", "hold person", "immovable object", "invisibility", "kinetic jaunt", "knock", "levitate", "locate object", "magic mouth", "magic weapon", "maximillian's earthen grasp", "melf's acid arrow", "mind spike", "mirror image", "misty step", "nathair's mischief", "phantasmal force", "pyrotechnics", "ray of enfeeblement", "rime's binding ice", "rope trick", "scorching ray", "see invisibility", "shadow blade", "shatter", "skywrite", "snilloc's snowball storm", "spider climb", "suggestion", "tasha's mind whip", "vortext warp", "warding wind", "web", "wither and bloom", "wristpocket", "animate dead", "ashardalon's stride", "bestow curse", "blink", "catnap", "clairvoyance", "dispel magic", "enemies abound", "erupting earth", "fast friends", "fear", "feign death", "fireball", "flame arrows", "fly", "gaseous form", "glyph of warding", "haste", "hypnotic pattern", "incite greed", "intellect fortress", "leomund's tiny hut", "life transference", "lightning bolt", "magic circle", "major image", "melf's minute meteors", "nondectection", "phantom steed", "protection from energy", "pulse wave", "remove curse", "sending", "sleet storm", "slow", "soap bubble", "speak with dead", "spirit shroud", "stinking cloud", "summon fey", "summon lesser demons", "summon shadowspawn", "summon undead", "thunder step", "slime wave", "tiny servant", "vampiric touch", "wall of sand", "wall of goo", "water breathing", "arcane eye", "blight", "charm monster", "confusion", "conjure minor elementals", "dimension door", "divination", "elemental bane", "evard's black tentacles", "fabricate", "fire shield", "gravity sinkhole", "greater invisibility", "hallucinatory terrain", "ice storm", "leomund's secret chest", "locate creature", "mordenkainen's faithful hound", "otiluke's resilient sphere", "phantasmal killer", "polymorph", "raulothim's psychic lance", "sickening radiance", "stone shape", "stoneskin", "storm sphere", "summon abberration", "summon construct", "summon elemental", "summon greater demon", "swamp sphere", "vitriolic sphere", "wall of fire", "animate objects", "bigby's hand", "cloudkill", "cone of cold", "conjure elemental", "control winds", "creation", "danse macabre", "dawn", "dominate person", "dream", "enervation", "far step", "geas", "great heaven splitter", "hold monster", "immolation", "infernal calling", "legend lore", "mislead", "modify memory", "negative energy flood", "passwall", "planar binding", "rary's telepathic bond", "scrying", "seeming", "skill empowerment", "steel wind strike", "summon draconic spirit", "synaptic static", "telekinesis", "temporal shunt", "transmute rock", "wall of force", "wall of light", "wall of stone", "chain lightning", "circle of death", "contingency", "create homunculus", "create undead", "disintegrate", "drawmij's instant summons", "eyebite", "fizban's platinum shield", "flesh to stone", "globe of invulnerability", "gravity fissure", "guards and wards", "investiture of flame", "investiture of ice", "investiture of stone", "investiture of wind", "magic jar", "mass suggestion", "mental prison", "move earth", "otiluke's freezing sphere", "otto's irresistable dance", "programmed illusion", "scatter", "soul cage", "summon fiend", "sunbeam", "tasha's otherworldly guise", "tenser's transformation", "true seeing", "wall of ice", "create magen", "crown of stars", "delayed blast fireball", "draconic transformation", "finger of death", "forcecage", "mirage arcane", "power word pain", "prismatic spray", "project image", "reverse gravity", "sequester", "simulacrum", "symbol", "tether essence", "whirlwind", "abi-dalzim's horrid wilting", "antimagic field", "antipathy/sympathy", "clone", "control weather", "dark star", "dominate monster", "feeblemind", "illusory dragon", "incendiary cloud", "maddening darkness", "maze", "mighty fortress", "mind blank", "poison giant: hell's judgement", "power word stun", "reality break", "sunburst", "telepathy", "blade of disaster", "flame emperor", "foresight", "ice age", "imprisonment", "invulnerability", "locate devil fruit power", "mass polymorph", "meteor swarm", "power word kill", "prismatic wall", "psychic scream", "ravenous void", "time ravage", "time stop", "true polymorph", "weird"
].forEach( function (s) {
	if(SpellsList[s] && SpellsList[s].classes && SpellsList[s].classes.indexOf("tinkerer") === -1) SpellsList[s].classes.push("tinkerer");
});

ClassList["tinkerer"] = {

	name : "Tinkerer",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*tinkerer).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 91],

	primaryAbility : "Intelligence",

	prereqs : "Intelligence 13",

	die : 6,

	improvements : [0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5],

	saves : ["Int", "Wis"],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Tinkerer") + ": Choose two from Arcana, History, Insight, Investigation, Medicine, and Religion.", "\n\n" + toUni("Tinkerer") + ": None."],

	toolProfs : {
		primary : [[["Tinker's tools"], ["Thieves' tools"], ["Any artisan's tools", 1]]],
		secondary : [[""]]
	},

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, ["dagger", "dart", "sling", "quarterstaff", "musket"]],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Tinkerer starting equipment:\n \u2022 A quarterstaff -or- a dagger;\n \u2022 A gadget of my choice and blueprints (a spell book);\n \u2022 Thieve's tools and a dungeoneer's pack.",

	subclasses : ["Tinkerer Study", [""]],

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	abilitySave : 4,

	spellcastingFactor : 1,

	spellcastingKnown : {

		cantrips : [3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

		spells : "book",

		prepared : true,

	},

	spellcastingList : {

		class : "tinkerer",
	},

	features : {

		"recharging" : {
			name : "Recharging",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 93],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "Once per day, when I finish a short rest, I can choose expended spell slots to recover other spell slots. The spell slots can have a combined level that is equal to or less than half my Tinkerer level (rounded up), but not higher than the highest level of spell I have access to.",
		},

		"subclassfeature2" : {
			name : "Tinkerer Study",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 93],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose my study, shaping my knowledge and practice of inventing through various schools: Military Science, Meteorology, and Robotics.",
		},

		"adaptive cantrip technology" : {
			name : "Adaptive Cantrip Technology",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 93],
			minlevel : 3,
			description : "\n   " + "Whenever I finish a long rest, I can replace one tinkerer cantrip I know with another cantrip from the tinkerer spell list.",
		},

		"master of innovation" : {
			name : "Master of Innovation",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 93],
			minlevel : 18,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose a 1st-level spell and a 2nd-level spell that are in my spellbook. I can cast those spells⁠ at their lowest level without expending a spell slot when I have them prepared. If I want to cast either spell at a higher level, I must expend a spell slot as normal. By spending 8 hours in study, I can exchange one or both of the spells I chose for different spells⁠ of the same levels.",
		},

		"ultimate technology" : {
			name : "Ultimate Technology",
			source : ["D&DFPHB", 93],
			minlevel : 20,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose two 3rd-level spells in my spellbook⁠ as my signature creation powers⁠. I always have these creation powers⁠ prepared, they don't count against the number of creation powers I have prepared, and I can cast each of them once at 3rd Level without expending a spell slot. When I do so, I can't do so again until I finish a short or long rest. If I want to cast either spell at a higher level, I must expend a creation power slot as normal.",
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
		},
	}
}

AddSubClass(

	"tinkerer",

	"military science",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*military)(?=.*science).*$/i,

		subname : "Military Science",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 94],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature2" : {
				name : "Deflector Shield",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 94],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "When I'm hit by an attack or I fail a saving throw, I can use my reaction to gain a +2 bonus to my AC against that attack or a +4 bonus to that saving throw. When I use this feature, I can't cast spells other than cantrips until the end of my next turn.",
			},
			"subclassfeature2.1" : {
				name : "Tactical Mind",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 94],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain a bonus to my initiative rolls equal to my Intelligence modifier.",
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Power Surge",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 94],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "I can store power and energy within my gadgets to later empower my damaging spells. In its stored form, this energy is called a Power Surge. I can store a maximum number of Power Surges equal to my Intelligence modifier (minimum of one). Whenever I finish a long rest, my number of Power Surges resets to one. Whenever I successfully end a spell with dispel magic or counterspell, I gain one Power Surge, as I steal energy from the spell I foiled. If I end a short rest with no Power Surges, I gain one Power Surge. Once per turn when I deal damage to a creature or object with a spell, I can spend one Power Surge to deal extra force damage to that target. The extra damage equals my Tinkerer level." 
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Durable Tech",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 94],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "While I maintain concentration on a spell, I have a +2 bonus to AC and all saving throws.", 
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Deflecting Shroud",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 94],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my \"Deflector Shield\" feature, I can cause power to arc from me. Up to three creatures of my choice that I can see within 60 feet of me each take force damage equal to half my Tinkerer level.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"tinkerer",

	"meteorology",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*meteorology).*$/i,

		subname : "Meteorology",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature2" : {
				name : "Cloud Surfing",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "I can use a bonus action on my turn to create a floating cloud beneath me that that pulls me in any direction using an air current, immediately before or after I cast a spell of 1st level or higher. Doing so allows me to fly up to 10 feet without provoking opportunity attacks.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Storm Forecasting",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain resistance to lightning and thunder damage while holding my gadget. In addition, whenever I start casting a spell of 1st level or higher that deals lightning or thunder damage, storm clouds emerge from my gadget. This eruption causes creatures of my choice that I can see within 10 feet of me to take lightning or thunder damage (choose each time this ability activates) equal to half my Tinkerer level. At 18th level, I become immune to lightning and thunder damage while holding my gadget." 
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Weather Control",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "If it is raining, I can use an action to cause the rain to stop falling or wind to change direction in a 20-foot-radius sphere centered on me. I can end this effect as a bonus action. As an action, I can cause clouds to form in a 20-foot-radius sphere around me and create rain and wind in that area for 1 minute. Up to 10 gallons of water will fall from this rain altogether onto whatever surface is beneath it, extinguishing any small flames, and reducing all fire damage dealt in the area by an amount equal to my Intelligence modifier. The wind will disperse any fog within 20 feet of me while this effect is active. I can also end this effect as a bonus action. I can use this effect a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus until I complete a long rest. If I'm out of uses of this feature, I may expend a spell slot to use it again.",
				usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],
				recovery : "long rest",
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Thunder Counter",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "When I'm hit by a melee attack, I can use my reaction to deal thunder damage to the attacker. The damage equals my Tinkerer level. The attacker must also make a Strength saving throw against my spell save DC. On a failed save, the attacker is pushed in a straight line up to 20 feet away from me.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"tinkerer",

	"robotics",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*robotics)(?=.*science).*$/i,

		subname : "Robotics",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature2" : {
				name : "Machine Summoning",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "Whenever I summon a creature using a Conjuration spell, it will appear as a machine or robot that I crafted. It will also be considered a construct, but retain all other properties. The money and time I must spend to copy a Conjuration spell into my spellbook is halved.",
			},
			"subclassfeature2.1" : {
				name : "Simple Robots",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],
				minlevel : 2,
				description : "\n   " + "I can use my action to quickly craft a short robot in my hand or on the ground in an unoccupied space that I can see within 5 feet of me. This robot counts as a tiny or small Construct and weighs no more than 10 pounds, and it can only be made of simple materials and metals. Its AC is equal to 8 + my Intelligence Modifier, and its HP is 1. It can function and move within 30 feet of me while I hold my gadget. Once it leaves this radius, it will power down and become useless. It can walk, swim, or fly (pick one) at a speed of 30 feet while it is active, and carry up to half of its weight. As an action on my turn, I can tell it to perform a simple task such as retrieving an object nearby, opening a small door, or fitting through a tight space. Additionally, I can instead create an inanimate contraption in my hand or on the ground in an unoccupied space that I can see within 5 feet of me. This object can be no larger than 3 feet on a side and weigh no more than 10 pounds, and its shape must be that of a simple object that I have seen. The object is electrically powered, radiating bright light in a 20-foot radius and dim light for an additional 20 feet if I use a bonus action to turn it on. This robot or contraption falls apart and gets destroyed after 1 hour unless I spend an action to maintain it at the end of the hour. It will also be destroyed if it takes at least a point of damage, or if I make another robot or contraption.",
				action : ["action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature6" : {
				name : "Quantum Teleportation",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],
				minlevel : 6,
				description : "\n   " + "I can use my action to teleport⁠ up to 30 feet to an unoccupied space that I can see. Alternatively, I can choose a space within range that is occupied by a robot, contraption, or Construct that I have created or summoned. We both teleport, swapping places. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest or I cast a Conjuration spell of 1st level or higher.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Autopilot Controls",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "While I'm concentrating on a Conjuration spell, my concentration can't be broken as a result of taking damage.",
			},
			"subclassfeature14" : {
				name : "Reinforced Exterior",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 95],
				minlevel : 14,
				description : "\n   " + "Any creature that I summon or create with a Conjuration spell has 30 temporary HP.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"fighter",

	"cursed soul",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*cursed)(?=.*soul).*$/i,

		subname : "Cursed Soul",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 98],

		abilitySave : 4,

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Champion of Malice",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 98],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "I harbor evil energy within myself. This energy is represented by my Cursed Spirit dice, which are each a d6. I have a number of these dice equal to twice my proficiency bonus, and they fuel various cursed powers I have, which are detailed below. Some of my powers expend the Cursed Spirit die they use, as specified in a power's description, and I can't use a power if it requires me to use a die when my dice are all expended. I regain all my expended Cursed Spirit dice when I finish a long rest. In addition, as a bonus action, I can regain one expended Cursed Spirit die, but I can't do so again until I finish a short or long rest. When I reach certain levels in this class, the size of my Cursed Spirit dice increases: at 5th Level (d8), 11th level(d10), and 17th level (d12).",
				additional : ["", "", "4 die / d6", "4 die / d6", "6 die / d8", "6 die / d8", "6 die / d8", "6 die / d8", "8 die / d8", "8 die / d10", "8 die / d10", "8 die / d10", "10 die / d10", "10 die / d10", "10 die / d10", "10 die / d10", "12 die / d12", "12 die / d12", "12 die / d12", "12 die / d12"],
				extraname : "Cursed Abilities",
				extrachoices : ["Demon Strike", "Hellish Glare", "Arms of Asura"],
				extraTimes : 2,
				autoSelectExtrachoices : [{ extrachoice : ["demon strike", "hellish glare", "arms of asura"] }],
				"demon strike" : {
					name : "Demon Strike",
					description : "\n   " + "Once on each of my turns, immediately after I hit a target within 30 feet of me with an attack and deal damage to it with a weapon, I can expend one Cursed Spirit die, rolling it and dealing necrotic, psychic, or radiant damage (my choice) to the target equal to the number rolled plus my Intelligence modifier.",
				},

				"hellish glare" : {
					name : "Hellish Glare",
					description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action on my turn, I can force a target within 30 ft. of me to make a Wisdom saving throw against my Curse save DC. If the creature fails, it is frightened of me until the end of my next turn. Once I take this action, I can't do so again until I finish a short or long rest, unless I expend a Cursed Spirit die to take it again.",
					action : ["bonus action"]
				},

				"arms of asura" : {
					name : "Arms of Asura",
					description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with an Attack, I can expend one Cursed Spirit die to attempt to damage another creature with a mirrored version of the same attack. I choose another creature within 5 feet of the original target and within 30 feet of me. If the original attack roll would hit the second creature, it takes necrotic, psychic, or radiant damage (my choice) equal to the number I roll on my Cursed Spirit die.",
				},
			},
			"subclassfeature7" : {
				name : "Evil's Embrace",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 98],
				minlevel : 7,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain new ways to utilize my cursed spirit, as shown below.",
				extraname : "Additional Cursed Abilities",
				extrachoices : ["Fallen Angel Wings", "Purgatory Strike"],
				extraTimes : 1,
				autoSelectExtrachoices : [{ extrachoice : ["fallen angel wings", "purgatory strike"] }],
				"fallen angel wings" : {
					name : "Fallen Angel Wings",
					description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I grow spiritual black wings. I gain a flying speed equal to twice my walking speed until the end of the current turn. Once I take this bonus action, I can't do so again until I finish a short or long rest, unless I expend a Cursed Spirit die to take it again.",
					action : ["bonus action"]
				},

				"purgatory strike" : {
					name : "Purgatory Strike",
					description : "\n   " + "When I deal damage to a target with my \"Demon Strike\", I can force the target to make a Strength saving throw. If the target fails, I can knock the target prone or move it up to 10 feet in any direction horizontally.",
				},
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Shepard of Spirits",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 98],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "I have resistance to psychic damage. Moreover, if I start my turn charmed or frightened, I can expend a Cursed Spirit die and end every effect on myself subjecting me to those conditions." 
			},
			"subclassfeature15" : {
				name : "Silver Mist",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 98],
				minlevel : 15,
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I grow extra arms that give me advantage on one of my attacks made each turn and gain a bonus of +2 to AC. This lasts for 1 minute or until I'm incapacitated. Once I take this bonus action, I can't do so again until I finish a long rest, unless I expend 2 Cursed Spirit die to take it again.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},
			"subclassfeature18" : {
				name : "Jest of the Dead",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 98],
				minlevel : 18,
				description : "\n   " + "While using \"Silver Mist\", I grow even more extra appendages and heads that give you these additional bonuses:\n   When I hit a creature with an attack, I can use my reaction to force that creature to make a Strength saving throw. On a failed save, the creature is knocked prone, as if struck by several attacks at once.\n   My extra heads give me advantage on saving throws against being blinded, deafened, stunned, or knocked unconcious.\n   I can use my \"Demon Strike\" feature on any attack I make against a creature within 30 feet of me, instead of once per turn, by expending a Cursed Spirit die.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"fighter",

	"black weapon",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*black)(?=.*weapon).*$/i,

		subname : "Black Weapon",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 99],

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Sharpened Spirit",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 99],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "My weapon attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 19 or 20.",
			},
			"subclassfeature7" : {
				name : "Haki Weapon",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 99],
				minlevel : 7,
				description : "\n   " + "I may unlock any one \"Uncommon\" Color of Armament Haki Advancement feat. If I have already taken all the uncommon Armament Haki feats, I may take an uncommon Haki Advancement feat under a different color of Haki, assuming I meet the prerequisites.",
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Improved Style",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 99],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "I can choose a second option from the \"Fighting Style\" class feature.",
				bonusClassExtrachoices : [{
					'class' : "fighter",
					feature : "fighting style",
					bonus : 1
				}], 
			},
			"subclassfeature15" : {
				name : "Superior Sharpened Spirit",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 99],
				minlevel : 15,
				description : "\n   " + "My weapon attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 18-20.",
			},
			"subclassfeature18" : {
				name : "Haki Weapon Master",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 99],
				minlevel : 18,
				description : "\n   " + "I may unlock any one \"Very Rare\" or lower Color of Armament Haki Advancement feat. If I have already taken all the very rare and lower Armament Haki feats, I may take a very rare or lower Haki Advancement feat under a different color of haki, assuming I meet the prerequisites.",
			},
		}
	}
);

AddSubClass(

	"fighter",

	"elemental weapon",

	{

		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*elemental)(?=.*weapon).*$/i,

		subname : "Elemental Weapon",

		source : ["D&DFPHB", 99],

		abilitySave : 4,

		spellcastingFactor : 3,

		spellcastingKnown : {

			cantrips : [0, 0, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3],

			spells : [0, 0, 3, 4, 4, 4, 5, 6, 6, 7, 8, 8, 9, 10, 10, 11, 11, 11, 12, 13],

			prepared : true,

		},

		spellcastingList : {

			class : "tinkerer",

			level : [0, 4],
		},

		features : {

			"subclassfeature3" : {
				name : "Elemental Style",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 100],
				minlevel : 3,
				description : "\n   " + "I learn a ritual that creates a spiritual bond between myself and one weapon. I perform the ritual over the course of 1 hour, which can be done during a short rest. The weapon must be within my reach throughout the ritual, at the conclusion of which I touch the weapon and forge the bond. Once I've bonded a weapon to myself, I can use any bonded weapon as a spellcasting focus for my tinkerer Spells. Any spells I cast will emanate from my weapon as if channeling my spirit through my weapon and releasing the spell from it. Additionally, when I attack and hit with a bonded weapon, I can expend one spell slot to deal fire, cold, or lightning damage to the target, in addition to the weapon's damage. The extra damage is 2d6 for a 1st-level spell slot, plus 1d6 for each spell level higher than 1st, to a maximum of 5d6. I can have up to three bonded weapons, and if I attempt to bond with a fourth weapon, I must break the bond with one of the other three first.",
			},
			"subclassfeature7" : {
				name : "Dance of Elements",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 100],
				minlevel : 7,
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my action to cast a cantrip, I can make one weapon attack as a bonus action.",
			},
			"subclassfeature10" : {
				name : "Water Siphon",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 100],
				minlevel : 10,
				description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with a weapon attack, that creature has disadvantage on the next saving throw it makes against a spell I cast before the end of my next turn.",
			},
			"subclassfeature15" : {
				name : "Lightning Dash",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 100],
				minlevel : 15,
				description : "\n   " + "I gain the ability to teleport⁠ up to 30 feet to an unoccupied space I can see when I use my \"Action Surge\". I can teleport⁠ before or after the additional action.",
			},
			"subclassfeature18" : {
				name : "Improved Dance of Elements",
				source : ["D&DFPHB", 100],
				minlevel : 18,
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my action to cast a spell, I can make one weapon attack as a bonus action.",
			},
		}
	}
);

FeatsList["captain role"] = {

	name : "Captain Role",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 104],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have taken the role of a captain in my crew, allowing me to lead the group with almost no room for arguments.",

	descriptionFull : "My role is very simple: I motivate, guide, and command my ship and crew. It is possible for the captain of a ship to have a number of complex roles, but they should typically be the strongest and most charismatic individual in a crew. Some captains may differ or have unique personalities, but their goal should be to unite their allies in troubling times to tackle any obstacle, in order to accomplish their dreams and goals. The captain should always have the last say during any group decision or plan. While some crews may not entirely center around their captain, it is important to still give them a high degree of authority over the decision process.\n   Captain's Charisma: A captain is the head of the ship, but should never act like a tyrant when operating a healthy crew. When I lead a charge, my allies should follow. When I call a shot, others should respect it. When I'm speaking, the crew should listen. This shouldn't be a power that is abused, but rather a quality that my comrades revere. If I tell a member of your crew to perform an action, they will feel naturally compelled to complete it. However, if a duty directly goes against their alignment, ideals, personality traits, class, background, or race (or is simply too ridiculous to consider), they are allowed to refrain.\n   Crew Recruitment: A character that has the captain role can easily recruit other pirates by spending their pirate prestige points at various locations. A captain can spend a pirate prestige point to recruit a regular hireling or specialist for a week without needing to pay them. The hireling will still need to have their basic needs met, and will demand pay a week after the initial week is over unless another prestige point is spent. I cannot recruit in locations where my crew has a reputation of 5 or less.",
}

FeatsList["navigator role"] = {

	name : "Navigator Role",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 105],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have taken the role of a navigator in my crew, allowing me to make maps and lead the crew out of the way of dangerous weather.",

	descriptionFull : "The role of a navigator involves charting, mapping, and understanding the weather and conditions that they may encounter on their crew's journey. The navigator is crucial to the ship effectively progressing to the next island or continent throughout the adventure. Without a decent navigator onboard, the crew may end up lost for several days or weeks in dangerous waters. Being a navigator means I must take responsibility for charting the crew's course, making rolls to stay on course, and avoiding getting lost or stuck in storms and bad weather.\n   Charting and Mapping: A player that chooses the navigator role will actively aid in helping the crew along both in and out of character. With the DM's assistance, I have the ability to physically map out and chart the course of the ship and nearby islands. Sometimes, I will be required to make various Wisdom or Intelligence skill checks to properly map out territories in more treacherous waters. Otherwise, this process should be effortless for my character under ordinary circumstances. Additionally, I can assist in directing the ship on the right path. If the helmsman or captain is attempting to stay on course in the proper direction, I may assist them in rolling skill checks if you have properly analyzed the weather and map of the surrounding region.\n   Storm Tracking: In places like the Grand Line, fully understanding the weather and climate conditions is often incredibly difficult. However, that doesn't mean it's impossible for a talented navigator. In most situations, if you are about to run into dangerous weather or climates, the DM may warn the navigator in advance if they succeed on their skill checks. This may be done through subtle hints or simply describing what kind of weather is seen up ahead. In some instances, the weather may appear so dangerous that it would cause a great deal of damage to the ship and crew if sailed through. If the navigator is unable to find a way around this, they may choose to expend 1 pirate prestige point to completely steer clear and avoid the storm or danger. It is possible that the storm may be exceptionally dangerous, so much so that 1 pirate prestige point won't be enough to satisfy the condition and completely avoiding it. In this case, the DM may demand that you spend additional points to navigate around such a situation in the more extreme regions of the world.",
}

FeatsList["doctor role"] = {

	name : "Doctor Role",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 106],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have taken the role of a doctor in my crew, allowing me to help those that have fallen ill or are injured.",

	descriptionFull : "The ship's doctor is responsible for keeping track of the injuries and overall health of their crewmates and captain. They have a good understanding of medical science and procedures. They can perform surgeries, create medicine, and alleviate sickness or diseases. Taking on the doctor role leaves me in charge of caring for my allies when they are hurt or in need of medica lassistance. Skalds and Priests in particular may excel at completing these tasks.\n   Advanced Treatment: As a doctor, I'm capable of understanding and analyzingall forms of medicine and medical treatments. You areproficient in using and administering antidotes, medicine, and other medical tools. When I use a healer's kit to stabilize a dying creature, that creature also regains 1 HP. Additionally, when a creature is suffering from disease, blindness, deafness, paralysis, or poison, I can spend ฿400,000 to gather the medical supplies required to treat them and end one of these conditions over the course of 1 hour.\n   First Aid: When I take the doctor crew role, I'm capable of stitching up wounds and providing first aid to myself and my allies. I can spend 1 pirate prestige point as an action to restore 1d6 + 4 HP to an injured creature, plus additional HP equal to the creature's maximum number of Hit Dice. The creature can’t regain HP from this ability again until it finishes a short or long rest.",
}

FeatsList["chef role"] = {

	name : "Chef Role",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 107],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have taken the role of a chef in my crew, allowing me to feed those who are hungry while out in the sea.",

	descriptionFull : "The chef of the ship provides meals filled with nutrients and warmth to their crew after a long day of sailing and exploring. While this role may not be as extreme as others in every situation, it is just as vital to have. Without a chef, the crew may begin to poorly ration food, suffer from malnutrition, or grow disgusted from eating the same mundane meals. Chefs will provide their allies with the motivation to keep fighting, so that they can return to the ship at the end of the day and enjoy a delicious meal. Any crew will greatly appreciate their chef on board for the work they put forth in the kitchen, as food is what keeps everyone moving forward. With a good enough chef on a ship, a crew will never go hungry.\n   Food Preparation: I gain proficiency with cook's utensils if I don't already have it. With one hour of work or when I finish a long rest, I can cook a number of treats equal to my proficiency bonus. These special treats last 8 hours after being made. A creature can use a bonus action to eat one of those treats to gain temporary HP equal to my proficiency bonus. These treats do not count as a full meal.\n   First-Class Feast: When I take the chef role, I gain the ability to focus all of my talent and effort into my dishes. As part of a short rest, I can cook special food by spending 1 pirate prestige point, provided I have ingredients and cook's utensils on hand. I can prepare enough of this food for a number of creatures equal to 4 + my proficiency bonus. At the end oft he short rest, any creature who eats the food and spends one or more Hit Dice to regain HP regains an extra 1d8 HP.",

	toolProfs : ["Cook's utensils"],
}

FeatsList["shipwright role"] = {

	name : "Shipwright Role",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 108],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have taken the role of a shipwright in my crew, allowing me to build, repair, and apply upgrades to any ship.",

	descriptionFull : "A shipwright is a wonderful role to have on board any crew that desires a powerful ship. A shipwright is in charge of building, upgrading, and repairing the ship over time. With the help of the captain and other crewmates, the shipwright may customize the ship in any way he or she sees fit. Constructing and maintaining a healthy ship will greatly aid in winning battles against other ships or simply surviving deadly storms.\n   Ship Building, Upgrading, and Repairing: Shipwrights automatically gain the ability to utilize the shipbuilding rules in the DM section. A shipwright will be proficient in constructing a ship, and can re-roll once on any roll during the ship building process. Additionally, I will only need to pay for the parts of the ship, not the service fee during the building, upgrading, or repairing process.\n   Defensive Coating: When I take the Shipwright role, I gain the ability to apply an additional coating to my ship that will give it an extra layer of defense and durability. By spending any number of pirate prestige points over the course of an hour, I give the ship's hull 10 temporary HP for every pirate prestige point spent. This coating will last 7 days or until I use this ability again, in which case the old coating will be removed and replaced with the new one.",
}

FeatsList["musician role"] = {

	name : "Musician Role",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 109],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have taken the role of a musician in my crew, allowing me to boost the morale of those around me by playing songs.",

	descriptionFull : "A musician is the moral support and entertainment for a crew that is faced with lowered morale or increased stress. They may often serve as a crew mascot, a charismatic uniting force for their allies, or a means of gathering support from the populace. Although this role may be used primarily by the skald class, any class can take on this role.\n     Musical Talent: A musician can play any musical instrument they are proficient with to its full potential. If I'm not already proficient with an instrument, I'm simply able to sing or use various inanimate objects of my choice to create wonderful music. Using song and dance to inspire my crew comes naturally and should motivate the crew to reach new heights. Upon hearing my music, others will feel energized, uplifted, and united.\n   Song of Legends: Performing a captivating song or play that tells of their crew's strength and legendary deeds, the musician inspires awe andadmiration in locals. Using the same rules as the \"Gain Reputations\" Pirate Prestige ability, the musician may instead spend 1 pirate prestige point to instead raise the crew's reputation by 1d4 points in a location. This ability can only be used once per location. Additionally, this gives the party a +2 bonus to Charisma checks when speaking to locals for up to 1 day after the performance takes place.",
}

FeatsList["lookout role"] = {

	name : "Lookout Role",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 110],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have taken the role of a lookout in my crew, allowing me to spot threats long before they make themselves apparent to my crew.",

	descriptionFull : "A lookout is a member of a crew that is responsible for staying on the crow's nest or any other lookout point to spot any approaching ships, islands, hazards, or creatures. By using a spyglass to detect any potential dangers in the distance, a lookout will provide a crew with any necessary visual information to prepare accordingly.\n   Bird's Eye View: Lookouts are far better than others are spotting potential danger ahead. When looking from a vantage point on the ship, I'm able to detect even the smallest of details through any abnormal conditions. If a location or direction is slightly obscured, such as from patchy fog or rain, I'm able to treat it as if it were clear when spotting ships or islands ahead.\n   Sharp-Sighted Scout: When I take the lookout role, I'm capable of discerning objects at extreme distances. When I make a Perception check that relies on sight, I may spend 1 pirate prestige point to make the roll with advantage. Additionally, I may spend 1 pirate prestige point to gain a +5 to passive perception for 1 minute.",
}

FeatsList["helmsman role"] = {

	name : "Helsman Role",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 111],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have taken the role of a helmsman in my crew, allowing me to control the ship with great skill.",

	descriptionFull : "The helmsman is a member of a crew tasked with the role of driving and maneuvering the ship. Although the captain or navigator may sometimes take over this role, a helmsman is unmatched when driving through rough conditions or tight spots.\n   Through Thick and Thin: When steering a ship, a helmsman is a natural. Understanding water currents, when to lower or raise sails, and when to anchor is fundamental and also natural to a helmsman. When attempting to steer the ship through any obstacles or rough waters, I may add my proficiency bonus to any skill checks made, on top of any proficiencies already added, to keep the ship out of danger or avoid a specific hazard.\n   At the Helm: When I take the helmsman role, I gain an affinity for moving the ship out of harm's way when under attack. When the ship or those on board are targeted by an attack or effect, I may spend 1 pirate prestige point as a reaction to add a +2 to the ship's AC and me and my allies's AC and saving throws while on the ship as it's moving, until the start of my next turn.",
}

FeatsList["record-keeper role"] = {

	name : "Record-Keeper Role",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 112],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have taken the role of a record-keeper in my crew, allowing me to document anything interesting I may come across.",

	descriptionFull : "The record-keeper is responsible for keeping record of the history, journals, and events while on board the ship. The record-keeper should be fairly knowledgeable and competent when it comes to any information such as when analyzing information, pieces of island history, and artifacts.\n   Librarian of the Sea: Although being a record-keeper can involve working on a variety of different tasks and having many different goals and purposes on-board, most record-keepers are proficient in any form of note-keeping and information analysis. At the beginning of each session, the record-keeper may recap the previous session for all players to refresh their memories. Additionally, the record-keeper can keep note of major quests, story points, and useful information regarding the lore the DM establishes throughout the campaign. The record-keeper may also add their proficiency bonus, on top of any other proficiency bonuses, to Intelligence checks when it comes to analyzing any form of writing, artifact, puzzle, or piece of history.\n   Flash of Insight: When I take the record-keeper role, I can often tap into my nearly infinite pool of knowledge and mentally archived data. By spending 1 pirate prestige point, I can discover one major clue, detail, or other piece of information about a puzzle, artifact, or form of writing. My DM might give me a major hint or advantage on a roll to discover something vital.",
}

BackgroundList["architect"] = {

	regExpSearch : /architect/i,

	name : "Architect",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 115],

	skills : ["Sleight of Hand", "Perception"],

	gold : 100,

	equipleft : [
		["A set of well-loved carpenter's tools", "", ""],
		["A blank book", "", 3],
		["1 ounce of ink", "", ""],
		["An ink pen", "", ""],
	],

	equipright : [
		["Traveler's clothes", "", 3],
		["A wallet (with ฿)", "", 1],
	],

	feature : "I'll Patch It!",

	trait : [
		"I love talking and being heard more than I like to listen.",
		"I'm extremely fond of puzzles.",
		"I thrive under pressure.",
		"I love sketching and designing objects, especially boats.",
		"I'm not afraid of hard work, in fact, I prefer it.",
		"I don't mind getting my hands dirty."
	],

	ideal : [
		["Crew",
			"Crew: If everyone on deck pitches in, we'll never sink. (Good)"
		],
		["Careful Lines",
			"Careful Lines: A building or ship must be balanced according to the laws of the universe. (Lawful)"
		],
		["Invention",
			"Invention: Make what you need out of whatever is at hand. (Chaotic)"
		],
		["Perfection",
			"Perfection: To measure a being and find it lacking is the greatest disappointment. (Evil)"
		],
		["Weaponry",
			"Weaponry: It is important to design something that is equally effective and dangerous, even if it might cause trouble. (Chaotic)"
		],
		["Hope",
			"Hope: The horizon at sea holds the greatest promise. (Any)"
		],
	],

	bond : [
		"I must visit all the oceans of the world and behold the ships and buildings there.",
		"Much of the treasure I claim will be used to enrich my community.",
		"I must find the legendary Adam Wood, which is rumored to be many times stronger than regular wood.",
		"I repair broken things to redeem what's broken in myself.",
		"I will craft a boat capable of controlling the world.",
		"A sea monster destroyed my magnum opus, now I must rebuild it and seek revenge on the creature."
	],

	flaw : [
		"I don't know when to throw something away. You never know when it might be useful again.",
		"I get frustrated to the point of distraction by shoddy craftsmanship.",
		"Though I am an excellent crafter, my work tends to look as though it belongs on a ship.",
		"I am so obsessed with sketching my ideas for elaborate inventions that I sometimes forget little things likee ating and sleeping.",
		"I'm judgmental of those who are not skilled with tools of some kind.",
		"I sometimes take things that don't belong to me, especially if they are very well made."
	],

	extra : [
		"Select a Life of Building",
		"I'm working on plans and schematics for a new, very fast ship. I must examine as many different kinds of vessels as possible to help ensure the success of my design.",
		"I patched up a war galley and prevented it from sinking. The local navy regards me as a friend.",
		"I aided a merchant in repairing his roof before a devastating storm. I have a standing invitation to visit the merchant's distant mansion.",
		"I specialized in designing and mounting defenses for a vulnerable town. I easily recognize and determine the quality of such items.",
		"I have contacts in the smuggling outfits along the coast; I occasionally repair the criminals' ships in exchange for money and favors.",
		"I experienced an encounter with an intelligent Sea King while sailing alone. I work with my DM to determine the secret about the deep waters of the sea that this creature revealed to me."
	],

	toolProfs : [["Any artisan's tools", 1], ["Carptenter's tools"]],

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	lifestyle : "modest",
};

BackgroundFeatureList["i'll patch it!"] = {
	description : "Provided I have carpenter's tools and wood, I can perform repairs on a water vehicle or wooden building. When I focus on \"Ship Repair\" during travel time or spend a day of downtime near a building, I now restore a number of HP to a component of a water vehicle or wooden building equal to 5 * my proficiency bonus.",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 115],
};

BackgroundList["celebrity"] = {

	regExpSearch : /celebrity/i,

	name : "Celebrity",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 116],

	skills : ["Persuasion", "Performance"],

	gold : 300,

	equipleft : [
		["A disguise kit", "", ""],
	],

	equipright : [
		["Fine clothes", "", 3],
		["A wallet (with ฿)", "", 1],
	],

	feature : "Face of a Star",

	trait : [
		"I will never go unrecognized in public, and nobody will understand that burden.",
		"As I travel and explore, my fans will follow.",
		"I love the spotlight in any given situation.",
		"I'm used to being spoiled by good food and furniture.",
		"I love to steal flashy things from my enemies.",
		"No one can fake a smile like I can."
	],

	ideal : [
		["Power",
			"Power: I must have it all, by any means necessary. (Evil)"
		],
		["Peace",
			"Peace: Making my friends and followers feel calm brings me comfort. (Lawful)"
		],
		["Fame",
			"Fame: I've seen what fame can bring. And I'll do my best to reach the top. (Neutral)"
		],
		["Training",
			"Training: Sculpting my body, behavior, and hygiene to always be at its peak is key to success. (Any)"
		],
		["Anonymity",
			"Anonymity: I want to be successful, but I must also have alone time away from my fans. (Any)"
		],
		["Love",
			"Love: Friendship and family triumph all wealth. (Good)"
		],
	],

	bond : [
		"My servants have always been there for me, I cherish them the most.",
		"I consider every member of my crew to be family.",
		"I have a famous parent that left me at a young age, but I still respect them. I love them and want to make them proud.",
		"A fan once gifted me a cursed item. It is now my obsession.",
		"The one who helped make me famous is like a parent to me. I will cherish them forever.",
		"Growing up, I had a friend that encouraged me to become famous. I wish to speak with them again someday."
	],

	flaw : [
		"You don't know what I'm going through. You never can.",
		"You. Fetch my coat. And maybe rub my feet for a while.",
		"Oh, yeah, that ability? It is a special name I came up with. Let me tell you about it.",
		"My comrades are brave, but I must defeat this threat alone to prove my worth.",
		"The anxiety and responsibility from my fame brings me toil, depression, and pain.",
		"You have to look out for yourself. No one else will."
	],

	toolProfs : [["Disguise kit"], ["Caligrapher's supplies"]],

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	lifestyle : "wealthy",
};

BackgroundFeatureList["face of a star"] = {
	description : "Many folk know me within my homeland. I may even be a world-renowned figure or idol. Gathering support from minor authority figures could be very possible at various points in the campaign, at the DM's discretion. Additionally, the common folk will often recognize me and treat me with a great deal of respect, and my face and clothing will oftentimes earn me a free meal or a place to sleep.",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 116],
};

BackgroundList["kuja"] = {

	regExpSearch : /kuja/i,

	name : "Kuja",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 124],

	skills : ["Athletics", "Intimidation"],

	gold : 100,

	equipleft : [
		["An insignia of a snake", "", ""],
		["A white Kuja cape", "", 3],
		["A bone dice set or a set of playing cards", "", ""],
	],

	equipright : [
		["Common clothes", "", 3],
		["A wallet (with ฿)", "", 1],
	],

	feature : "Kuja Warrior",

	trait : [
		"I'm always polite and respectful to other women.",
		"I'm haunted by memories of battle. I can't get the images of violence out of my mind.",
		"I'm full of inspiring and cautionary tales I heard while living on Amazon Lily.",
		"I can stare down a hell hound without flinching.",
		"I have a crude sense of humor.",
		"I face problems head-on. A simple, direct solution is the best path to success."
	],

	ideal : [
		["Greater Good",
			"Greater Good: Our lot is to lay down our lives in defense of other women and children. (Good)"
		],
		["Responsibility",
			"Responsibiltiy: I do what I must and obey just authority, so long as they are female. (Lawful)"
		],
		["Independance",
			"Independance: When people follow orders blindly, they embrace a kind of tyranny. (Chaotic)"
		],
		["Might",
			"Might: In life as in battle, the stronger force wins. (Evil)"
		],
		["Live and Let Live",
			"Live and Let Live: Ideals aren't worth killing over or going to battle for. (Neutral)"
		],
		["Nation",
			"Nation: The Kuja Tribe and it's people are all that matter. (Any)"
		],
	],

	bond : [
		"I would still lay down my life for the women I lived with.",
		"A man once saved my life on the battlefield. To this day, I feel compelled to help everyone equally.",
		"My honor is my life.",
		"I'll never forget the crushing defeat my tribe suffered by the hands of men.",
		"Women who fight beside me are those worth dying for.",
		"I fight for those who cannot fight for themselves."
	],

	flaw : [
		"The monstrous enemy we faced in battle still leaves me quivering with fear.",
		"I have little respect for anyone who is not a strong woman.",
		"I made a terrible mistake in battle that cost many lives, and I would do anything to keep that mistake secret.",
		"Contrary to my tribe's core beliefs, I am obsessed with men.",
		"I obey the laws of my tribe, even if they confuse others.",
		"I will never admit I'm wrong, especially not to a man."
	],

	toolProfs : [["One type of gaming set", 1], ["Vehicles (land)"]],

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	lifestyle : "modest",
};

BackgroundFeatureList["kuja warrior"] = {
	description : "I was born and raised on Amazon Lily, alongside many others in the Kuja tribe. All warriors here are women, and have fierce fighting abilities and nearly unmatched strength. Before venturing away from Amazon Lily, I may have lived as a pirate, islander, or warrior for the Kuja Clan. Any other Kuja Tribe member I encounter will treat me with respect, along with any other female in my party.",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 124],
};

BackgroundList["merchant"] = {

	regExpSearch : /merchant/i,

	name : "Merchant",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 127],

	skills : ["Investigation", "Persuasion"],

	gold : 100,

	equipleft : [
		["Two set's of any artisan's tools", "", ""],
		["A merchant's scale", "", 3],
	],

	equipright : [
		["Fine clothes", "", 3],
		["A wallet (with ฿)", "", 1],
	],

	feature : "Supply Chain",

	trait : [
		"I didn't have the cutthroat attitude necessary to succeed.",
		"Even my competitors said I was affable and talented. Those traits should serve me well.",
		"To prosper, you have to be in control.",
		"The customer is always right.",
		"If I can be everyone's friend, I'll always have support.",
		"I'm a snob who looks down on those who can't appreciate fine art."
	],

	ideal : [
		["Community",
			"Community: It is the duty of all civilized people to strengthen the bonds of community and the security of civilization. (Lawful)"
		],
		["Generosity",
			"Generosity: My talents were given to me so that I could use them to benefit the world. (Good)"
		],
		["Freedom",
			"Freedom: Everyone should be free to pursue his or her own livelihood. (Chaotic)"
		],
		["Greed",
			"Greed: I'm only in it for the money. (Evil)"
		],
		["People",
			"People: I'm committed to the people I care about, not to ideals. (Neutral)"
		],
		["Aspiration",
			"Aspiration: I work hard to be the best there is at my job. (Any)"
		],
	],

	bond : [
		"My family means everything to me.",
		"I owe a dangerous person a lot of money. As long as they're happy, they let my debt rest unpaid.",
		"I owe my teacher a great debt for forging me into the person I am today.",
		"I will get revenge on the evil forces that destroyed my place of business and ruined my livelihood.",
		"One day I will return to my home and prove that I am the greatest merchant of them all.",
		"I pursue wealth to secure someone's love."
	],

	flaw : [
		"I'll do anything to get my hands on something rare or priceless.",
		"I'm quick to assume that someone is trying to cheat me.",
		"No one must ever learn that I once stole money from another merchant.",
		"I'm never satisfied with what I have, I always want more.",
		"I would kill to acquire a noble title.",
		"I'm horribly jealous of anyone who does my job better than me. Everywhere I go, I'm surrounded by rivals."
	],

	toolProfs : [["Any artisan's tools", 2]],

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	lifestyle : "modest",
};

BackgroundFeatureList["supply chain"] = {
	description : "From my time as a merchant, I retain connections with wholesalers, suppliers, and other merchants and entrepreneurs. I can call upon these connections when looking for items or information.",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 127],
};

BackgroundList["revolutionary"] = {

	regExpSearch : /revolutionary/i,

	name : "Revolutionary",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 129],

	skills : ["Deception", "Stealth"],

	gold : 100,

	equipleft : [
		["A disguise kit", "", ""],
		["A poisoner's kit", "", ""],
		["A bone dice set or a set of playing cards", "", ""],
	],

	equipright : [
		["Common clothes, with a black hood", "", 3],
		["A wallet (with ฿)", "", 1],
	],

	feature : "Shadow Network",

	trait : [
		"I prefer to keep my thoughts to myself.",
		"A signature piece of clothing or distinct weapon serves as an emblem of who I am.",
		"I never accept that I'm out of my depth.",
		"I must know the answer to every secret. No door remains unopened in my presence.",
		"I let people underestimate me, revealing my full competency only to those close to me.",
		"It doesn't matter if the whole world's against me. I'll always do what I think is right."
	],

	ideal : [
		["Honor",
			"Honor: I always perform my duties effectively and as ordered. (Lawful)"
		],
		["Freedom",
			"Freedom: Chains are meant to be broken, as are those who would forge them. (Chaotic)"
		],
		["Charity",
			"Charity: I steal from the wealthy so that I can help people in need. (Good)"
		],
		["Absolute Justice",
			"Absolute Justice: The people have been gullible for so long, they are just as guilty as the ones that deceive them. They also deserve to be punished. (Evil)"
		],
		["People",
			"People: I'm loyal to my friends, family, and fellow revolutionaries, nobody else matters. (Neutral)"
		],
		["Redemption",
			"Redemption: There's a spark of good in everyone, even the corrupt elites. (Good)"
		],
	],

	bond : [
		"Everything I do is in the service of a powerful master, one I must keep a secret from everyone.",
		"I've seen great darkness, and I'm committed to being a light against it, the light of all lights.",
		"A great evil dwells within me. I will fight against it and the world's other evils for as long as I can.",
		"The world has been convinced of a terrible lie. It's up tome to reveal the truth.",
		"I use my cunning mind to solve mysteries and find justice for those who've been wronged.",
		"I lost someone I care about, but I still see them in guilty visions, recurring dreams, or as a spirit."
	],

	flaw : [
		"I follow orders, even if I think they're wrong.",
		"I'm convinced something is after me, appearing in mirrors, dreams, and places where no one could.",
		"I've done unspeakable evil and will do anything to prevent others from finding out.",
		"I am exceptionally credulous and believe any story or legend immediately.",
		"I'm a skeptic and don't believe in the power of rituals, religion, superstition, or spirits.",
		"I know my future is written and that anything I do will lead to a prophesied end."
	],

	toolProfs : [["Disguise kit"], ["Poisoner's kit"]],

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	lifestyle : "modest",
};

BackgroundFeatureList["shadow network"] = {
	description : "I have access to the revolutionary shadow network, which allows me to communicate with other members of the order over long distances. If I gain access to a Den Den Mushi, I may input a special sequence into it to call any revolutionary member on standby without being intercepted.",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 129],
};

BackgroundFeatureList["secret agent"] = {
	description : "Revolutionaries have spies all over, infiltrating and deceiving various powerful organizations and government networks to bring back intelligence to the main revolutionary organization. When I take this option, with the DM's permission, I may choose to disguise myself and deceiv eothers into believing me have a different background for the purposes of keeping my connection to the revolutionaries a secret, or even infiltrating their group. By creating this fake identity for myself, I may pick another background and replace up to three proficiencies or pieces of equipment with that background. I may also develop a fake persona as a mask to match my new background, though my real personality is different. Additionally, I'm able to convince everyone I meet outside of the revolutionary network that I belong to the group corresponding to that background through the way I appear and act.",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 129],
};

BackgroundList["salvager"] = {

	regExpSearch : /salvager/i,

	name : "Salvger",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 131],

	skills : ["Investigation", "Perception"],

	skillstxt : "Choose two from Deception, Insight, Persuasion, and Stealth",

	gold : 150,

	equipleft : [
		["A set of any artisan's tools", "", ""],
		["An ancient artifact found in a sunken ship", "", ""],
	],

	equipright : [
		["Traveler's clothes", "", 3],
		["A wallet (with ฿)", "", 1],
	],

	feature : "Ship Salvager",

	trait : [
		"I love talking and being heard more than I like to listen.",
		"I'm extremely fond of ruined ships and buildings.",
		"I thrive under pressure.",
		"I love competing to see who can hold their breath the longest.",
		"I'm not afraid of hard work, in fact, I prefer it.",
		"I don't mind getting my hands dirty."
	],

	ideal : [
		["Crew",
			"Crew: If everyone on deck pitches in, we'll always do a great job. (Good)"
		],
		["Careful Lines",
			"Careful Lines: A proper salvage requires following protocol. (Lawful)"
		],
		["Invention",
			"Invention: Make what you need out of whatever is at hand. (Chaotic)"
		],
		["Perfection",
			"Perfection: To measure a being and find it lacking is the greatest disappointment. (Evil)"
		],
		["Reflection",
			"Reflection: Muddied water always clears in time. (Any)"
		],
		["Hope",
			"Hope: The horizon at sea holds the greatest promise. (Any)"
		],
	],

	bond : [
		"I must find a legendary shipwreck located in the most dangerous sea.",
		"Much of the treasure I claim will be used to enrich my community.",
		"I will recover an artifact that was stolen from me out of a shipwreck long ago.",
		"I repair broken things to redeem what's broken in myself.",
		"I will become the greatest diver that ever lived.",
		"A sea monster destroyed my ship; its head will be mounted on my frame."
	],

	flaw : [
		"I don't know when to throw something away. You never know when it might be useful again.",
		"I become depressed and anxious if I'm away from the sea too long.",
		"I am better at ripping through things than putting them together.",
		"I am so obsessed with diving that I frequently get decompression sickness.",
		"I am judgmental, especially of those I deem homebodies or otherwise lazy.",
		"I sometimes take things that don't belong to me, especially if they are very well made."
	],

	toolProfs : [["Carpenter's tools"], ["Cartographer's tools"]],

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	lifestyle : "modest",
};

BackgroundFeatureList["ship salvager"] = {
	description : "Through years of learning how to dive, hold my breath, and recover valuable items from sunken ships, I can reliably profit from salvaging any shipwreck I find. Whenever I locate a shipwreck, the valuables I find within will always be collectively worth at least ฿100,000. The time I can hold my breath underwater is also doubled.",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 131],
};

BackgroundList["samurai"] = {

	regExpSearch : /samurai/i,

	name : "Samurai",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 132],

	skills : ["Insight", "History"],

	skillstxt : "Choose two from Deception, Insight, Persuasion, and Stealth",

	gold : 150,

	equipleft : [
		["A valuable katana sheath that holds sentimental values", "", ""],
		["A flute or lute", "", ""],
	],

	equipright : [
		["A hakama or kimono", "", 3],
		["A wallet (with ฿)", "", 1],
	],

	feature : "Social Status",

	trait : [
		"I'm always polite and respectful.",
		"I face problems head-on. A simple, direct solution is the best path to success.",
		"I enjoy being strong and like breaking things.",
		"I've left emotion behind me. I'm now perfectly placid.",
		"I'm confident in my own abilities and do what I can to instill confidence in others.",
		"Despite my social class, I do not place myself above other folk. We all have the same blood."
	],

	ideal : [
		["Order",
			"Order: The will of my master and family is absolute. (Lawful)"
		],
		["Independance",
			"Independance: When people follow orders blindly, they embrace a kind of tyranny. (Chaotic)"
		],
		["Death",
			"Death: The penalty for dishonor is death. (Evil)"
		],
		["Determination",
			"Determination: I cannot fail. Not ever. (Neutral)"
		],
		["Greater Good",
			"Greater Good: Our lot is to lay down our lives in defense of others. (Good)"
		],
		["Nation",
			"Nation: My city, nation, or people are all that matter. (Any)"
		],
	],

	bond : [
		"I would still lay down my life for my master or family.",
		"Someone saved my life on the battlefield. To this day, I will never leave a friend behind.",
		"My honor is my life.",
		"I'll never forget the crushing defeat my family suffered or the enemies who dealt it.",
		"Those who fight beside me are those worth dying for.",
		"I will become the strongest to restore honor to my family."
	],

	flaw : [
		"The monstrous foe I once faced in battle still leaves me quivering with fear.",
		"I have little respect for anyone who is not a proven warrior.",
		"I suffered defeat, humiliation, and dishonor long ago. Nobody must ever hear of this.",
		"My hatred of my enemies is blinding and unreasoning.",
		"I obey my code, even if the code causes misery.",
		"I'd rather eat my weapon than admit when I'm wrong."
	],

	toolProfs : [["Smith's tools"], ["Musical instrument", 1]],

	languageProfs : ["Common"],

	lifestyle : "modest",
};

BackgroundFeatureList["social status"] = {
	description : "Samurai tend to have high social status in their countries, such as Wano Kuni, allowing them to exercise social power over lower class citizens. Many outsiders who encounter samurai will show great respect for their status and skills, perhaps even to the point of fearing their abilities.",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 132],
};

ArmourList["dense coat"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dense)(?=.*coat).*$/i,

	name : "Dense Coat",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 140],

	type : "light",

	ac : 11,

	stealthdis : true,

	weight : 8,
};

ArmourList["thick shirt"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*thick)(?=.*shirt).*$/i,

	name : "Thick Shirt",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 140],

	type : "light",

	ac : 11,

	stealthdis : false,

	weight : 6,
};

ArmourList["light bulletproof shirt"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*light)(?=.*bulletbroof)(?=.*shirt).*$/i,

	name : "Light Bulletproof Shirt",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 140],

	type : "light",

	ac : 12,

	stealthdis : false,

	weight : 9,
};

ArmourList["bulletproof jacket"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*bulletbroof)(?=.*jacket).*$/i,

	name : "Bulletproof Jacket",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 140],

	type : "medium",

	ac : 13,

	dex : 2,

	stealthdis : false,

	weight : 11,
};

ArmourList["bulletproof suit"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*bulletbroof)(?=.*suit).*$/i,

	name : "Bulletproof Suit",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 140],

	type : "medium",

	ac : 14,

	dex : 2,

	stealthdis : false,

	weight : 14,
};

ArmourList["sea king half plate"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sea)(?=.*king)(?=.*half)(?=.*plate).*$/i,

	name : "Sea King Half Plate",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 140],

	type : "medium",

	ac : 15,

	dex : 2,

	stealthdis : true,

	weight : 40,
};

ArmourList["steel wootz armor"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*steel)(?=.*wootz)(?=.*armor).*$/i,

	name : "Steel Wootz Armor",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 140],

	type : "heavy",

	ac : 18,

	dex : 0,

	stealthdis : true,

	weight : 65,

	strReq : 15,
};

WeaponsList["katana"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*katana).*$/i,

	name : "Katana",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 142],

	list : "melee",

	ability : 1,

	type : "Martial",

	damage : [1, 8, "slashing"],

	range : "Melee",

	description : "Versatile (1d10)",

	weight : 3,
};

WeaponsList["katana, light"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*katana)(?=.*light).*$/i,

	name : "Katana, Light",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 142],

	list : "melee",

	ability : 1,

	type : "Martial",

	damage : [1, 8, "slashing"],

	range : "Melee",

	description : "Finesse",

	weight : 2,
};

WeaponsList["musket"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*musket).*$/i,

	name : "Musket",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 143],

	list : "ranged",

	ability : 1,

	type : "Simple",

	damage : [1, 10, "bludgeoning"],

	range : "80/320 ft",

	description : "Ammunition, loading, two-handed",

	weight : 8,

	ammo : "bullet",
};

WeaponsList["bazooka"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*bazooka).*$/i,

	name : "Bazooka",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 143],

	list : "ranged",

	ability : 1,

	type : "Martial",

	damage : [2, 6, "fire"],

	range : "60/300 ft",

	description : "Ammunition, heavy, loading, two-handed",

	weight : 18,

	ammo : "bullet",
};

WeaponsList["machine gun"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*machine)(?=.*gun).*$/i,

	name : "Machine Gun",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 143],

	list : "ranged",

	ability : 1,

	type : "Martial",

	damage : [3, 4, "piercing"],

	range : "80/320 ft",

	description : "Ammunition, heavy, loading, two-handed",

	weight : 18,

	ammo : "bullet",
};

WeaponsList["pistol"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*pistol).*$/i,

	name : "Pistol",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 143],

	list : "ranged",

	ability : 1,

	type : "Martial",

	damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],

	range : "30/120 ft",

	description : "Ammunition, light, loading",

	weight : 3,

	ammo : "bullet",
};

WeaponsList["rifle"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*rifle).*$/i,

	name : "Rifle",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 143],

	list : "ranged",

	ability : 1,

	type : "Martial",

	damage : [1, 12, "piercing"],

	range : "80/320 ft",

	description : "Ammunition, heavy, loading, two-handed",

	weight : 18,

	ammo : "bullet",
};

WeaponsList["rifle, sniper"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*rifle)(?=.*sniper).*$/i,

	name : "Rifle, Sniper",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 143],

	list : "ranged",

	ability : 1,

	type : "Martial",

	damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],

	range : "150/600 ft",

	description : "Ammunition, heavy, loading, two-handed",

	weight : 18,

	ammo : "bullet",
};

WeaponsList["sling, giant"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sling)(?=.*giant).*$/i,

	name : "Sling, Giant",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 143],

	list : "ranged",

	ability : 1,

	type : "Martial",

	damage : [1, 8, "bludgeoning"],

	range : "60/600 ft",

	description : "Ammunition, heavy, two-handed",

	weight : 5,

	ammo : "bullet",
};

GearList["attack cuisine"] = {

	infoname : "Attack Cuisine [500 gp]",

	name : "Attack Cuisine",

	amount : 1,

	weight : 1,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 143],

	tooltip : "A character who eats this powerful meal regains 2d4 + 2 HP. Eating it all takes an action.",
};

GearList["log pose"] = {

	infoname : "Log Pose [500 gp]",

	name : "Log Pose",

	amount : 1,

	weight : 0.25,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 145],

	tooltip : "A log pose, similar to a compass, helps navigators find their way to nearby islands or locations. However, log poses are special in that they are the only way to navigate on the Grand Line, since regular compasses don't work there. A log pose is used by spending a certain amount of time on an island (which could take hours, days, or years) to record the magnetic waves required to point it toward the next nearby island. Paradise log poses do not work in the New World, so a New World log pose is required to navigate there. New World log poses are 10 times more expensive than an ordinary log pose.",
};

MagicItemsList["breath dial"] = {

	name : "Breath Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 150],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I can absorb up to a 5-foot cube of any gas or wind. By pressing the button on the dial as an action, I can expel up to a 5-foot cube of any stored gas in a space within 5 feet of me.",

	descriptionFull : "By storing air, gases, or wind currents, breath dials have the ability to emit anything it absorbs as a gust of energy. Simple breath dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I can absorb up to a 5-foot cube of any gas or wind. By pressing the button on the dial as an action, I can expel up to a 5-foot cube of any stored gas in a space within 5 feet of me. Any creature in the space being filled with gas must succeed on a DC 10 Athletics check or be pushed out of the space away from the dial. Objects less than 10 pounds are also pushed out of the space automatically. Simple breath dials can store up to 25 cubic feet of gas, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Large Breath Dials (rare) have 10 charges and can store up to 50 cubic feet of gas. Additionally, they regain 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn instead. I can also use a large breath dial to power a standard waver, reducing the cost of building a waver by 80%.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["flavor dial"] = {

	name : "Flavor Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 150],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I can absorb up to a 5-foot cube of any gas or scent. By pressing the button on the dial as an action, I can expel up to a 5-foot cube of any stored gas in a space within 5 feet of me.",

	descriptionFull : "Similar to breath dials, flavor dials specializein storing gases and scents. This includes explosive gas or foul odors. However, flavor dials aren't capable of emitting strong gusts that can push things away. Simple flavor dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I can absorb up to a 5-foot cube of any gas or scent. By pressing the button on the dial as an action, I can expel up to a 5-foot cube of any stored gas in a space within 5 feet of me. Simple flavor dials can store up to 25 cubic feet of gas, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Large Flavor Dials (rare) have 10 charges and can store up to 50 cubic feet of gas. Additionally, they regain 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn instead.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["freeze dial"] = {

	name : "Freeze Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 150],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may sap cold energy from any 5-foot cube of material or gas that is 0° C (32° F) or less in temperature, such as ice, snow, or frigid air by placing it within 5 feet of the source.",

	descriptionFull : "By absorbing freezing substances or gases, freeze dials can be used to chill and cool off anything by expelling cold elemental energy. Simple freeze dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may sap cold energy from any 5-foot cube of material or gas that is 0° C (32° F) or less in temperature, such as ice, snow, or frigid air by placing it within 5 feet of the source. To use this dial, as an action, I can place or hold the dial in a 5-foot square, then press the button on it to keep that space at freezing or cool temperatures for up to 24 hours for every 5-foot cube of stored cold energy released. This can be used for freezers or refrigerators. Alternatively, I can release all the cold energy stored in a freeze dial to make an attack. As an action, I can make a melee attack against acreature and release the cold energy within the dial to deal 1 cold damage for every 5-foot cube of cold energy expelled. Simple freeze dials can store up to 25 cubic feet of cold energy, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Large Freeze Dials (rare) have 10 charges and can store upto 50 cubic feet of cold energy. Additionally, they regain 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn instead.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["heat dial"] = {

	name : "Heat Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 150],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may sap heat energy from any 5-foot cube of material or gas that is 100° C (212° F) or more in temperature, such as fire, magma, or burning gas by placing it within 5 feet of the source.",

	descriptionFull : "By absorbing hot substances or gases, heat dials can be used to heat up anything by expelling hot elemental energy. Simple heat dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may sap heat energy from any 5-foot cube of material or gas that is 100° C (212° F) or more in temperature, such as fire, magma, or burning gas by placing it within 5 feet of the source. To use this dial, as an action, I can place or holdthe dial in a 5-foot square, then press the button on it to keep that space at burning or boiling temperatures for up to 24hours for every 5-foot cube of stored cold energy released. This can be used for ovens or heaters. Alternatively, I can release all the heat energy stored in a heat dial to make an attack. As an action, I can make a melee attack against a creature and release the heat energy within the dial to deal 1 fire damage for every 5-foot cube of heat energy expelled. Simple heat dials can store up to 25 cubic feet of heat energy, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Large Heat Dials (rare) have 10 charges and can store up to 50 cubic feet of heat energy. Additionally, they regain 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn instead.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["lamp dial"] = {

	name : "Lamp Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 150],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may absorb up to an hour worth of light or sunlight, for each charge spent, into this dial by holding it or placing it within range of the source without interruption.",

	descriptionFull : "By absorbing light from any source, a lamp dial can emit bright light for an extended period of time. Simple lamp dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may absorb up to an hour worth of light or sunlight, for each charge spent, into this dial by holding it or placing it within range of the source without interruption. To use this dial, as an action, I can press the button on the dial to continuously shed bright light in a 20-foot radius and dim light for an additional 20 feet from the dial for a duration equal to the amount of stored light in hours. Simple lamp dials can store up to 5 hours worth of consistent light, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Large Lamp Dials (rare) have 10 charges and can store up to 10 hours worth of light. Additionally, they regain 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn instead.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["milky dial"] = {

	name : "Milky Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 150],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may absorb any 5-foot cube of island or sea clouds by placing it within 5 feet of the source.",

	descriptionFull : "This dial only works in extremely high altitudes, such as any location in the sky islands. By absorbing giant chunks of clouds into a milky dial, I can release pathways or blocks of cloud from the dial. Simple milky dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may absorb any 5-foot cube of island or sea clouds by placing it within 5 feet of the source. To use this dial, as an action, I can place or hold the dial in a 5-foot square, then press the button on it to release a 5-foot cube of island or water cloud stored, depending on the type of clouds absorbed, within 5 feet of the dial once at the beginning of every round. Each 5-foot cube of this cloud has 1 HP and AC 6, and will float slowly in any direction it is expelled or pushed, up to 5 feet per round. Simple milky dials can store up to 25 cubic feet of cloud, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Large Milky Dials (rare) have 10 charges and can store up to 50 cubic feet of cloud. Additionally, they regain 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn instead.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["thunder dial"] = {

	name : "Thunder Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 151],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may sap electric energy from any 5-foot cube of material or current that is releasing or channeling electricity, such as a lightning rod, active wiring, or generator, by placing it within 5 feet of the source.",

	descriptionFull : "By absorbing electric elemental energy from a material or current, thunder dials can be used as an electric power source to anything by channeling stored electricity. Simple thunder dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may sap electric energy from any 5-foot cube of material or current that is releasing or channeling electricity, such as a lightning rod, active wiring, or generator, by placing it within 5 feet of the source. To use this dial, as an action, I can place or hold the dial ina 5-foot square, then press the button on it to channel electricity into one nearby device for up to 24 hours for every 5-foot cube of electric energy stored being released. This can be used for simple machines such as a fan or light bulb. Alternatively, I can release all the electric energy stored in a heat dial to make an attack. As an action, I can make amelee attack against a creature and release the electricity within the dial to deal 1 lightning damage for every 5-foot cube of electric energy expelled. Simple thunder dials can store up to 25 cubic feet of electric energy, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Large Thunder Dials (rare) have 10 charges and can storeup to 50 cubic feet of electric energy. Additionally, they regain 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn instead.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["tone dial"] = {

	name : "Tone Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 151],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending any number of charges from this dial as a bonus action, I can record up to 10 seconds for each charge spent of any sound or spoken message. As an action, I can press the button on the dial to play any stored noise or message, which can be heard up 120 feet away from the dial depending on the volume.",

	descriptionFull : "This dial can store sounds or spoken messages to replay them out loud at a later time when activated. Simple tone dials have 5 charges. By expending any number of charges from this dial as a bonus action, I can record up to 10 seconds for each charge spent of any sound or spoken message. As an action, I can press the button on the dial to play any stored noise or message, which can be heard up 120 feet away from the dial depending on the volume. Additionally, stored messages can be replayed or looped for up to an hour each day, or can be erased in up to 10 second segments as an action. Simple tone dials can store up to 50 seconds of sound or speaking, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Large Tone Dials (rare) have 10 charges and can store up to 100 seconds of sound, which can be replayed or looped infinitely. Additionally, they regain 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn instead.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["vision dial"] = {

	name : "Vision Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 151],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I can capture a single photo in one direction. As an action, I can press the button on the dial to print the stored image onto a piece of paper or parchment and delete the stored photo data on the dial.",

	descriptionFull : "By capturing and absorbing visible colored light in an area, vision dials can capture photos and print them onto paper or parchment. Simple vision dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I can capture a single photo in one direction. As an action, I can press the button on the dial to print the stored image onto a piece of paper or parchment and delete the stored photo data on the dial. Simple vision dials can store upto 5 individual photos at a time, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Large Vision Dials (rare) can record videos for up to 10 seconds for every 2 charges spent, have 10 charges, and can store up to 10 photos or videos at a time. Videos can be played back on a projector created by the large vision dial, and can have individual frames printed out. Photos and videos can also continue to be stored without getting deleted after being printed. Additionally, they regain 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn instead.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["water dial"] = {

	name : "Water Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 151],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may absorb any 5-foot cube of water or liquid by placing it within 5 feet of the source.",

	descriptionFull : "This dial can absorb and store any type of water or liquid and then release it when activated. Simple water dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may absorb any 5-foot cube of water or liquid by placing it within 5 feet of the source. To use this dial, as an action, I can place or hold the dial in a 5-foot square, then press the button on it to release and pourup to 5 cubic feet of stored liquid, within a space up to 5 feet of the dial once at the beginning of every round. This liquid can be stored in containers, or poured over surfaces or even fires to put them out. Simple water dials can store up to 25 cubic feet of liquid, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Large Water Dials (rare) have 10 charges and can store up to 50 cubic feet of liquid. Additionally, they regain 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn instead.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["axe dial"] = {

	name : "Axe Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 151],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "varies",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By passively absorbing and storing sharpness from a blade, weight from a blunt weapon, strength from the user's fists and legs, etc. an axe dial will greatly enhance any attack made with a weapon it is attached to.",

	descriptionFull : "Axe Dials are incredibly powerful damage-dealing dials that can amplify the effects of attacks. They can be attached to my body or combined with any weapon to amplify its effects. By passively absorbing and storing sharpness from a blade, weight from a blunt weapon, strength from the user's fists and legs, etc. an axe dial will greatly enhance any attack made with a weapon it is attached to. The are three different types of axe dials, each type increasing in both strength and rarity.",

	choices : ['+1', '+2', '+3'],

	"+1" : {

		name : "+1 Axe Dial",

		rarity : "uncommon",

		description : "A +1 axe dial will give any weapon, including my unarmed strikes, a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls when attached.",

		descriptionFull : "A +1 axe dial will give any weapon, including my unarmed strikes, a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls when attached. In order to attach an axe dial to a weapon or body part, the user must spend time during a short or long rest properly fitting and attaching it to the desired weapon. A weapon can only receive the benefits from one dial at a time, and the effects of separate dials on a single weapon do not stack. Furthermore, axe dials do not stack with innate weapon bonus stats, and can only increase a weapon's innate bonuses up to a total +3 for attack or damage rolls. However, axe dial bonuses do stack with bonuses from character feats and abilities.",
	},

	"+2" : {

		name : "+2 Axe Dial",

		rarity : "rare",

		description : "A +2 axe dial will give any weapon, including my unarmed strikes, a +2 bonus to attack and damage rolls when attached.",

		descriptionFull : "A +2 axe dial will give any weapon, including my unarmed strikes, a +2 bonus to attack and damage rolls when attached. In order to attach an axe dial to a weapon or body part, the user must spend time during a short or long rest properly fitting and attaching it to the desired weapon. A weapon can only receive the benefits from one dial at a time, and the effects of separate dials on a single weapon do not stack. Furthermore, axe dials do not stack with innate weapon bonus stats, and can only increase a weapon's innate bonuses up to a total +3 for attack or damage rolls. However, axe dial bonuses do stack with bonuses from character feats and abilities.",
	},

	"+3" : {

		name : "+3 Axe Dial",

		rarity : "very rare",

		description : "A +3 axe dial will give any weapon, including my unarmed strikes, a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls when attached.",

		descriptionFull : "A +3 axe dial will give any weapon, including my unarmed strikes, a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls when attached. In order to attach an axe dial to a weapon or body part, the user must spend time during a short or long rest properly fitting and attaching it to the desired weapon. A weapon can only receive the benefits from one dial at a time, and the effects of separate dials on a single weapon do not stack. Furthermore, axe dials do not stack with innate weapon bonus stats, and can only increase a weapon's innate bonuses up to a total +3 for attack or damage rolls. However, axe dial bonuses do stack with bonuses from character feats and abilities.",
	}
}

MagicItemsList["ball dial"] = {

	name : "Ball Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 152],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "This dial is almost identical to the large milky dial, except when segments of solid cloud are produced from this dial, they become floating 5-foot diameter balls that can be attached to eachother without breaking.",

	descriptionFull : "This dial is almost identical to the large milky dial, except when segments of solid cloud are produced from this dial, they become floating 5-foot diameter balls that can be attached to eachother without breaking. They each have 1 HP and 6 AC, and can be pushed up to 30 feet in any direction as a ranged attack, popping on impact with the first thing they touch. Additionally, when a cloud ball is destroyed or popped, it will produce a random effect. Roll a d100 on the Wild Magic Surge table to determine the effect, and have the effect target and damage the creature closest to the ball or the ball itself after popping. If the rolled effect grants sorcery points or doesn't have an applicable effect, re-roll on the table instead.",

	usages : 10,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d6+4",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Wild Magic Surge Table",
		source : ["P", 104],
		popupName : "Wild Mage's Wild Magic Surge Table, part 1",
		additional : "results 01-50",
		note : [
			"d100  Effect",
			"01-02 Roll on this table at the start of each of your turns for the next minute, ignoring this result on subsequent rolls.",
			"03-04 For the next minute, you can see any invisible creature if you have line of sight to it.",
			"05-06 A modron chosen and controlled by the DM appears in an unoccupied space within 5 ft of you, then disappears 1 minute later.",
			"07-08 You cast fireball as a 3rd-level spell centered on yourself.",
			"09-10 You cast magic missile as a 5th-level spell.",
			"11-12 Roll a d10. Your height changes by a number of inches equal to the roll. If the roll is odd, you shrink. If the roll is even, you grow.",
			"13-14 You cast confusion centered on yourself.",
			"15-16 For the next minute, you regain 5 hit points at the start of each of your turns.",
			"17-18 You grow a long beard made of feathers that remains until you sneeze, at which point the feathers explode out from your face.",
			"19-20 You cast grease centered on yourself.",
			"21-22 Creatures have disadvantage on saving throws against the next spell you cast in the next minute that involves a saving throw.",
			"23-24 Your skin turns a vibrant shade of blue. A remove curse spell can end this effect.",
			"25-26 An eye appears on your forehead for the next minute.",
			"27-28 For the next minute, all your spells with a casting time feet of 1 action have a casting time of 1 bonus action.",
			"29-30 You teleport up to 60 ft to an unoccupied space of your choice that you can see.",
			"31-32 You are transported to the Astral Plane until the end of your next turn, after which time you return to the space you previously occupied or the nearest unoccupied space if that space is occupied.",
			"33-34 Maximize the damage of the next damaging spell you cast within the next minute.",
			"35-36 Roll a d10. Your age changes by a number of years equal to the roll. If the roll is odd, you get younger (minimum 1 year old). If the roll is even, you get older.",
			"37-38 1d6 flumphs controlled by the DM appear in unoccupied spaces within 60 ft of you and are frightened of you. They vanish after 1 minute.",
			"39-40 You regain 2d10 hit points.",
			"41-42 You turn into a potted plant until the start of your next turn. While a plant, you are incapacitated and have vulnerability to all damage. If you drop to 0 hit points, your pot breaks, and your form reverts.",
			"43-44 For the next minute, you can teleport up to 20 ft as a bonus action on each of your turns.",
			"45-46 You cast levitate on yourself.",
			"47-48 A unicorn controlled by the DM appears in a space within 5 ft of you, then disappears 1 minute later.",
			"49-50 You can't speak for the next minute. Whenever you try, pink bubbles float out of your mouth."
		]
	}, {
		name : "Wild Magic Surge Table",
		source : ["P", 104],
		popupName : "Wild Mage's Wild Magic Surge Table, part 2",
		additional : "results 51-100",
		note : [
			"d100  Effect",
			"51-52 A spectral shield hovers near you for the next minute, granting you a +2 bonus to AC and immunity to magic missile.",
			"53-54 You are immune to being intoxicated by alcohol for the next 5d6 days.",
			"55-56 Your hair falls out but grows back within 24 hours.",
			"57-58 For the next minute, any flammable object you touch that isn't being worn or carried by another creature bursts into flame.",
			"59-60 You regain your lowest-level expended spell slot.",
			"61-62 For the next minute, you must shout when you speak.",
			"63-64 You cast fog cloud centered on yourself.",
			"65-66 Up to three creatures you choose within 30 ft of you take 4d10 lightning damage.",
			"67-68 You are frightened by the nearest creature until the end of your next turn.",
			"69-70 Each creature within 30 ft of you becomes invisible for the next minute. The invisibility ends on a creature when it attacks or casts a spell.",
			"71-72 You gain resistance to all damage for the next minute.",
			"73-74 A random creature within 60 ft of you becomes poisoned for 1d4 hours.",
			"75-76 You glow with bright light in a 30-ft radius for the next minute. Any creature that ends its turn within 5 ft of you is blinded until the end of its next turn.",
			"79-80 Illusory butterflies and flower petals flutter in the air within 10 ft of you for the next minute.",
			"77-78 You cast polymorph on yourself. If you fail the saving throw, you turn into a sheep for the spell's duration.",
			"81-82 You can take one additional action immediately.",
			"83-84 Each creature within 30 ft of you takes 1d10 necrotic damage. You regain hit points equal to the sum of the necrotic damage dealt.",
			"85-86 You cast mirror image.",
			"87-88 You cast fly on a random creature within 60 ft of you.",
			"89-90 You become invisible for the next minute. During that time, other creatures can't hear you. The invisibility ends if you attack or cast a spell.",
			"91-92 If you die within the next minute, you immediately come back to life as if by the reincarnate spell.",
			"93-94 Your size increases by one size category for the next minute.",
			"95-96 You and all creatures within 30 ft of you gain vulnerability to piercing damage for the next minute.",
			"97-98 You are surrounded by faint, ethereal music for the next minute.",
			"99-100 You regain all expended sorcery points."
		]
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["eisen dial"] = {

	name : "Eisen Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 152],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "The eisen dial is considered one of the strongest types of dials. This dial is almost identical to the simple milky dial, except when segments of solid cloud are produced from this dial, they are as thick and durable as iron.",

	descriptionFull : "The eisen dial is considered one of the strongest types of dials. This dial is almost identical to the simple milky dial, except when segments of solid cloud are produced from this dial, they are as thick and durable as iron. They have 30 HP and 20 AC per 5-foot cube released, and will shatter into metallic dust when destroyed. Additionally, by releasing a 5-foot cube of stored cloud, I may transform it into an iron simple melee weapon of my choice that I can use. If I'm proficient with rare dials, you are also proficient with thecreated weapon. This weapon lasts for 1 hour, or until it isdispelled as a bonus action, in which it will crumble intometallic dust afterwards.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["flash dial"] = {

	name : "Flash Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 152],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may absorb up to an hour worth of light or sunlight, for each charge spent, into this dial by holding it or placing it within range of the source without interruption for the desired amount of time.",

	descriptionFull : "This dial is very similar to a lamp dial, but instead releases stored light in a powerful flash that can blind enemies. Flash dials have 5 charges. By expending acharge from this dial as a bonus action, I may absorb up to an hour worth of light or sunlight, for each charge spent, into this dial by holding it or placing it within range of the source without interruption for the desired amount of time. To use this dial, as an action, I can press the button on the dial while holding it to release an hour worth of stored light in a powerful instant flash of blinding light. Each creature aside from the user within 30 feet of the dial has to make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or become blinded until the end of their next turn. Flash dials can store up to 5 hours worth of consistent light, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["flame dial"] = {

	name : "Flame Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 152],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may sap fire from any 5-foot cube of fire, magma, or burning material by placing it within 5 feet of the source. To use this dial, as an action, I can release a burst of flames from the dial, one ray for every stored 5-foot cube of fire released, and hurl them at targets within 120 feet.",

	descriptionFull : "By absorbing flames or burning materials, flame dials can be used to release scorching bursts or beams of fire. Flame dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I may sap fire from any 5-foot cube of fire, magma, or burning material by placing it within 5 feet of the source. To use this dial, as an action, I can release a burst of flames from the dial, one ray for every stored 5-foot cube of fire released, and hurl them at targets within 120 feet. I make a ranged attack for each burst of flame created. On a hit, the target takes 2d6 fire damage. Flame dials can store up to 25 cubic feet of fire, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["impact dial"] = {

	name : "Impact Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 152],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "When the user is individually targeted by an attack, spell, or damaging effect, they can use the impact dial to absorb the damage or a portion of it by expending charges as a reaction.",

	descriptionFull : "By absorbing an instance of damage or force from an incoming attack, I can store and later release the force in a devastating burst of concentrated energy. Impact dials have 5 charges. When the user is individually targeted by an attack, spell, or damaging effect, they can use the impact dial to absorb the damage or a portion of it by expending charges as a reaction. I roll a d10 for every charge spent, and reduce the damage of the attack, spell, or effect by the number rolled and store that amount inside of the dial as part of that same reaction. The number stored cannot be more than the total amount of damage rolled by the attack, spell, or effect targeting the user of the dial. Additionally, if the damage rolled by the attack, spell, or effect is reduced to 0, it is nullified and has no effect. To release the stored damage as a concentrated shockwave, the user can spend an action to make a melee attack against a target with the dial, deciding how much stored damage to expend. On a hit, the target takes a number of force damage equal to the expended damage. Whether the attack hits or misses, the user of the dial will be damaged by half of the expended force damage (rounded down) as recoil in force damage as well. Impact dials can store up to 30 force damage at once, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. If the stored force damage reaches its cap, any carryover damage that cant be absorbed when attempting to nullify an attack is still dealt to the user and isn't reduced.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["jet dial"] = {

	name : "jet Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 152],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I can absorb up toa 5-foot cube of any strong wind or gas. By pressing the button on the dial as a bonus action, I can expel at least one 5-foot cube of stored wind to launch me 30 feet * every 5-foot cube of stored wind released in any direction.",

	descriptionFull : "By storing powerful gusts or wind currents, jet dials have the ability to emit anything it absorbs as a gust of energy. Jet dials have 5 charges. By expending a charge from this dial as a bonus action, I can absorb up toa 5-foot cube of any strong wind or gas. By pressing the button on the dial as a bonus action, I can expel at least one 5-foot cube of stored wind to launch me 30 feet * every 5-foot cube of stored wind released in any direction. Jet dials can store up to 25 cubic feet of wind, and regain up to 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Additionally, attaching a jet dial to a waver will double its speed.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["reject dial"] = {

	name : "Reject Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 152],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "This dial is almost identical to the impact dial, except it has 10 charges, can store up to 60 force damage, and regains 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn.",

	usages : 10,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d6+4",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

MagicItemsList["storm dial"] = {

	name : "Storm Dial",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 152],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "This dial is almost identical to the simple milky dial, except when segments of solid cloud are produced from this dial, they come in the form of condensed chunks of powerful storm clouds.",

	descriptionFull : "This dial is almost identical to the simple milky dial, except when segments of solid cloud are produced from this dial, they come in the form of condensed chunks of powerful storm clouds. Every 5-foot cube of storm cloud can be passed through, though it is considered difficult terrain. Any creature that ends its turn inside a created storm cloud must make a DC 15 Strength saving throw or take 2d6 bludgeoning damage from the harsh maelstrom of wind inside the cloud. Additionally, at the start of each round, each 5-foot cube of storm cloud will target the closest creature within 30 feet and deal 1d6 lightning damage to it. Storm clouds only last for 1 minute after being created, in which they return to being an ordinary island or sea cloud after.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 1d4+1",

	action : ["action", "bonus action"],
}

FeatsList["big eater"] = {

	name : "Big Eater",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 164],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can now recover injuries by consuming large quantities of food. For every 10 lbs. of food I consume, I recover 1 HP. If I'm at full HP, I instead gain temporary HP for every 10 lbs. of food I consume, up to a maximum of my character level.",

	descriptionFull : "My stomach has expanded far beyond the size of any ordinary stomach to gain the following benefits:\n   I increase my Constitution score by 1, to a maximum of 20.\n   I can now recover injuries by consuming large quantities of food. For every 10 lbs. of food I consume, I recover 1 HP. If I'm at full HP, I instead gain temporary HP for every 10 lbs. of food I consume, up to a maximum of my character level.",

	improvements : "Big Eater: +1 Constitution;",

	scores : [0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0],
}

FeatsList["burglar"] = {

	name : "Burglar",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 164],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain proficiency with thieves' tools. If I'm already proficient with them, I add double my proficiency bonus to checks I make with them.",

	descriptionFull : "I pride myself on my quickness and my close study of certain clandestine activities. I gain the following benefits:\n   I increase my Dexterity score by 1, to a maximum of 20.\n   I gain proficiency with thieves' tools. If I'm already proficient with them, I add double my proficiency bonus to checks I make with them.",

	toolProfs : ["Thieves' tools"],

	improvements : "Burglar: +1 Dexterity;",

	scores : [0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0],
}

FeatsList["color of armament training"] = {

	name : "Color of Armament Training",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 164],

	prerequisite : "Constitution 11 or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain one Uncommon Armament Haki advancement feature.",
}

FeatsList["color of observation training"] = {

	name : "Color of Observation Training",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 164],

	prerequisite : "Wisdom 11 or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain one Uncommon Observation Haki advancement feature.",
}

FeatsList["color of the supreme king training"] = {

	name : "Color of the Supreme King Training",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 164],

	prerequisite : "Charisma 11 or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain one Uncommon Supreme King Haki advancement feature and was born with the ability to use this type of Haki.",
}

FeatsList["devil fruit training"] = {

	name : "Devil Fruit Training",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 164],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Devil Fruit",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain one Uncommon Devil Fruit advancement feature.",
}

FeatsList["dial expert"] = {

	name : "Dial Expert",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 164],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can immediately identify and understand the properties of any dial you find.",

	descriptionFull : "Through studying and locating the various Dials found on the Sky Islands, I gain the following benefits:\n   I increase my Intelligence score by 1, to a maximum of 20.\n   I gain proficiency in using all Dials.\n   I find two Simple Dials of my choice that have mysteriously fallen from a Sky Island.\n   I can immediately identify and understand the properties of any dial you find.",

	improvements : "Dial Expert: +1 Intelligence;",

	scores : [0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0],
}

FeatsList["spellcaster disruptor"] = {

	name : "Spellcaster Disruptor",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 164],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When a creature within 5 feet of me casts a spell, I can use my reaction to make a melee weapon attack against that creature.",

	descriptionFull : "I have practiced techniques useful in melee combat against tinkerers and other spell users, gaining the following benefits:\n   When a creature within 5 feet of me casts a spell, I can use my reaction to make a melee weapon attack against that creature.\n   When I damage a creature that is concentrating on a spell, that creature has disadvantage on the saving throw it makes to maintain its concentration.\n   I have advantage on saving throws against spells cast by creatures within 5 feet of me.",
}

FeatsList["fell handed"] = {

	name : "Fell Handed",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 165],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Whenever I have advantage on a melee attack roll I make with the weapon and hit, I can knock the target prone if the lower of the two d20 rolls would also hit the target.",

	descriptionFull : "I master the handaxe, battleaxe, greataxe, warhammer, and maul. I gain the following benefits when using any of them:\n   I gain a +1 bonus to attack rolls you make with the weapon.\n   Whenever I have advantage on a melee attack roll I make with the weapon and hit, I can knock the target prone if the lower of the two d20 rolls would also hit the target.\n   Whenever I have disadvantage on a melee attack roll I make with the weapon, the target takes bludgeoning damage equal to my Strength modifier (minimum of 0) if the attack misses but the higher of the two d20 rolls would have hit.\n   If I use the Help action to aid an ally's melee attack while I'm wielding the weapon, I knock the target's shield aside momentarily. In addition to the ally gaining advantage on the attack roll, the ally gains a +2 bonus to the roll if the target is using a shield.",
}

FeatsList["friend of the sea"] = {

	name : "Friend of the Sea",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 165],

	prerequisite : "Fish-Man or Merfolk race",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I learn the speak with animals spell and can cast it at will, without expending a spell slot. I also learn the animal friendship spell, and I can cast it once with this feat without expending a spell slot. I regain the ability to cast it in this way when I finish a long rest. I can only target and speak with beasts that have an innate swimming speed with these spells, not including Sea Kings. Intelligence is my spellcasting ability for these spells.",

	descriptionFull : "My friendship with sea creatures mystically deepens thanks to my racial abilities. I gain the following benefits:\n   I gain proficiency in the Animal Handling skill. If I'm already proficient in it, my proficiency bonus is doubled for any check I make with it.\n   I learn the speak with animals and animal friendship spell and can cast both at will without expending a spell slot. I can only target and speak with beasts that have an innate swimming speed with these spells, not including Sea Kings. Intelligence is my spellcasting ability for these spells.",

	skills : ["Animal Handling"],

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Friend of the Sea",

		spells : ["speak with animals", "animal friendship"],

		selection : ["speak with animals", "animal friendship"],

		times : 2,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["heavy thrower"] = {

	name : "Heavy Thrower",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 165],

	prerequisite : "Strength 20 or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I'm now proficient with throwing cannon balls, and they gain the thrown property when I hold one. The cannon ball's range becomes 20/60 when I throw it. I can only throw one cannon ball per turn this way.",

	descriptionFull : "I've become a much better thrower, gaining the following:\n   I gain a +1 bonus to attack rolls with thrown weapons.\n   I'm now proficient with throwing cannon balls, and they gain the thrown property when I hold one. The cannon ball's range becomes 20/60 when I throw it. I can only throw one cannon ball per turn this way.",
}

FeatsList["master of disguise"] = {

	name : "Master of Disguise",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 166],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "If I spend 1 hour observing a creature, I can then spend 8 hours crafting a disguise I can quickly don to mimic that creature. Making the disguise requires a disguise kit. I must make checks as normal to disguise myself, but I can assume the disguise as an action.",

	descriptionFull : "I have honed my ability to shape my personality and to read the personalities of others. I gain the following benefits:\n   I increase my Charisma score by 1, to a maximum of 20.\n   I gain proficiency with the disguise kit. If I'm already proficient with it, I add double my proficiency bonus to checks I make with it.\n   If I spend 1 hour observing a creature, I can then spend 8 hours crafting a disguise I can quickly don to mimic that creature. Making the disguise requires a disguise kit. I must make checks as normal to disguise myself, but I can assume the disguise as an action.",

	toolProfs : ["Disguise kit"],

	improvements : "Master of Disguise: +1 Charisma;",

	scores : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1],
}

FeatsList["mysterious power"] = {

	name : "Mysterious Power",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 166],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I choose a class from the following, learning 2 cantrips and 1 1st level spell from that class' spell list.",

	choices : ['Chemist', 'Devilforged', 'Hybrid', 'Marksman', 'Priest', 'Skald', 'Tinkerer'],

	"chemist" : {
	
		name : "Mysterious Power (Chemist)",

		description : "I learn 2 cantrips and 1 1st level spell from the chemist class.",

		spellcastingBonus : {

			name : "Mysterious Power (Chemist)",

			class : "chemist",

			level : [0, 1],

			times : 3,

			prepared : true,
		},
	},

	"devilforged" : {
	
		name : "Mysterious Power (Devilforged)",

		description : "I learn 2 cantrips and 1 1st level spell from the devilforged class.",

		spellcastingBonus : {

			name : "Mysterious Power (Devilforged)",

			class : "devilforged",

			level : [0, 1],

			times : 3,

			prepared : true,
		},
	},

	"hybrid" : {
	
		name : "Mysterious Power (Hybrid)",

		description : "I learn 2 cantrips and 1 1st level spell from the hybrid class.",

		spellcastingBonus : {

			name : "Mysterious Power (Hybrid)",

			class : "hybrid",

			level : [0, 1],

			times : 3,

			prepared : true,
		},
	},

	"marksman" : {
	
		name : "Mysterious Power (Marksman)",

		description : "I learn 2 cantrips and 1 1st level spell from the marksman class.",

		spellcastingBonus : {

			name : "Mysterious Power (Marksman)",

			class : "marksman",

			level : [0, 1],

			times : 3,

			prepared : true,
		},
	},

	"priest" : {
	
		name : "Mysterious Power (Priest)",

		description : "I learn 2 cantrips and 1 1st level spell from the priest class.",

		spellcastingBonus : {

			name : "Mysterious Power (Priest)",

			class : "priest",

			level : [0, 1],

			times : 3,

			prepared : true,
		},
	},

	"skald" : {
	
		name : "Mysterious Power (Skald)",

		description : "I learn 2 cantrips and 1 1st level spell from the skald class.",

		spellcastingBonus : {

			name : "Mysterious Power (Skald)",

			class : "bard",

			level : [0, 1],

			times : 3,

			prepared : true,
		},
	},

	"tinkerer" : {
	
		name : "Mysterious Power (Tinkerer)",

		description : "I learn 2 cantrips and 1 1st level spell from the tinkerer class.",

		spellcastingBonus : {

			name : "Mysterious Power (Tinkerer)",

			class : "tinkerer",

			level : [0, 1],

			times : 3,

			prepared : true,
		},
	}
}

FeatsList["samurai warrior"] = {

	name : "Samurai Warrior",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 167],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I hit with an opportunity attack using a katana, the target must succeed on a Strength saving throw (DC 8 + my proficiency bonus + my Dexterity modifier) or be knocked prone.",

	descriptionFull : "The katana is a difficult blade to use, but I have spent countless hours mastering it. I gain the following benefits:\n   I gain a +1 bonus to attack rolls I make with a katana.\n   When I hit with an opportunity attack using a katana, the target must succeed on a Strength saving throw (DC 8 + my proficiency bonus + my Dexterity modifier) or be knocked prone.\n   When I attack and hit with a katana, the target must succeed on a Strength saving throw (DC 8 + my proficiency bonus + my Dexterity modifier) or have the chosen item knocked down and dropped at its feet. I cannot use this ability again until I complete a short or long rest.",
}

FeatsList["sharkskin"] = {

	name : "Sharkskin",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 167],

	prerequisite : "Fish-Man race",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My rough skin deals 1d6 piercing damage to any creature grappling me or any creature grappled by me.",

	descriptionFull : "Due to my fish-man features and rough skin, I'm difficult to touch without getting injured. I gain the following benefits:\n   I increase my Constitution score by 1, up to a maximum of 20.\n   My rough skin deals 1d6 piercing damage to any creature grappling me or any creature grappled by me.\n   I gain proficiency in the Intimidation skill. If I'm already proficient in it, my proficiency bonus is doubled for any check I make with it.",

	skills : ["Intimidation"],

	improvements : "Sharkskin: +1 Constitution;",

	scores : [0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0],
}

FeatsList["sentinel gunner"] = {

	name : "Sentinel Gunner",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 167],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Being within 5 feet of a hostile creature doesn't impose disadvantage on my ranged attack rolls.",

	descriptionFull : "I have a quick hand and keen eye when employing firearms, granting me the following benefits:\n   I increase my Dexterity score by 1, up to a maximum of 20.\n   I gain proficiency with all firearms.\n   I ignore the loading property of firearms.\n   Being within 5 feet of a hostile creature doesn't impose disadvantage on my ranged attack rolls.",

	improvements : "Sentinel Gunner: +1 Dexterity;",

	scores : [0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0],
}

FeatsList["sling king"] = {

	name : "Sling King",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 168],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I use a sling, its damage die changes from a d4 to a d6, and from a d8 to a d10 when wielded with two hands. (This benefit has no effect if another feature has already improved the weapon’s die.)",

	descriptionFull : "My sling skills have grown, and I gain these benefits:\n   I gain a +1 bonus to attack rolls you make with a sling.\n   When I use a sling, its damage die changes from a d4 to a d6, and from a d8 to a d10 when wielded with two hands. (This benefit has no effect if another feature has already improved the weapon’s die.)\n   My maximum range with slings now also count as my minimum.",
}

FeatsList["super cyborg upgrade"] = {

	name : "Super Cyborg Upgrade",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 168],

	prerequisite : "Cyborg race",

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "When I take this feat, I can install four additional cyborg upgrades of my choice. I can select this feat multiple times. Each time I do so, I must choose different upgrades.",
}

FeatsList["two-weapon style"] = {

	name : "Two-Weapon Style",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 168],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain a +1 bonus to AC while I'm wielding a separate melee weapon in each hand.",

	descriptionFull : "I master fighting with two weapons, gaining the following benefits:\n   I gain a +1 bonus to AC while I'm wielding a separate melee weapon in each hand.\n   I can use two-weapon fighting even when the one-handed melee weapons I'm wielding aren't light.\n   I can draw or stow two one-handed weapons when I would normally be able to draw or stow only one.",
}

FeatsList["three-weapon style"] = {

	name : "Three-Weapon Style",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 168],

	prerequisite : "Two-Weapon Style feat",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can hold an additional offhand weapon with another appendage or with my mouth, and it doesn't have to be light. I can't make attacks with it.",

	descriptionFull : "I master fighting with three weapons, gaining the following benefits:\n   My \"Two-Weapon Style\" bonus to AC increases to +2.\n   I can hold an additional offhand weapon with another appendage or with my mouth, and it doesn't have to be light. I can't make attacks with it.\n   I choose one one-handed weapon I'm proficienct with held in either hand during my turn, I may combine attacks made with that weapon with my third weapon to increase the chosen weapon's damage dice by one stage for the remainder of my turn. For example, a d4 damage die made with the weapon would become a d6 to hit, a d6 would become a d8, a d8 would become a d10, and a d10 would become a d12. The maximum the damage dice can increase to is a d12.\n   I can draw or stow three one-handed weapons when I would normally be able to draw or stow only one.",
}

FeatsList["aura of life"] = {

	name : "Aura of Life",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 172],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I'm able to increase my willpower to bolster the toughness of my body using my spirit.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm able to increase my willpower to bolster the toughness of my body using my spirit. I can spend an action to gain 1d6 + my Constitution score + my character level in temporary HP. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus. I cannot use this feature again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"]
}

FeatsList["soul armor"] = {

	name : "Soul Armor",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 172],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can form a thin coating of invisible armor around my body using my soul.",

	descriptionFull : "I can form a thin coating of invisible armor around my body using my soul. As an action, I surround my body with this armor, making my AC equal to 13 + my Constitution modifier when I'm not wearing armor. This armor lasts for 8 hours. I cannot use this feature agian until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"]
}

FeatsList["spirit blast"] = {

	name : "Spirit Blast",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 172],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain the ability to send bursts of energy through my enemies using my spirit.",

	descriptionFull : "I gain the ability to send bursts of energy through my enemies using my spirit. When I hit a creature with a melee weapon attack or unarmed strike, I can unleash a surge of spirit energy from my body to deal extra 2d8 force damage to the target, in addition to the attack's normal damage. I can only amplify an attack this way once per round during my turn. Once I use this ability a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",
}

FeatsList["weapon hardening"] = {

	name : "Weapon Hardening",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 172],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain the ability to coat my weapons and attacks with my spirit. The heavier the application, the darker the coating is.",

	descriptionFull : "I gain the ability to coat my weapons and attacks with my spirit. The heavier the application, the darker the coating is. As a bonus action, I channel Haki into my body or a weapon of my choice. If I choose my body, I choose either my unarmed strikes or a natural weapon. For 1 minute, my attacks with the chosen weapon are considered magical with a +1 bonus to attack rolls and damage rolls. If the attack already has a bonus to its attack and damage rolls, this feature replaces the bonus unless it is greater, in which case it does not gain this feature's benefit. This effect ends early if I fall unconscious, use it again, end it as a bonus action, or start my turn not holding or touching the weapon I coated. Once I use this ability a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest. If the Spirit Surge Event has a rarity higher than Uncommon, use these bonuses:\n   Rare: The chosen weapon gains a +2 bonus to attack rolls and damage rolls instead.\n   Very Rare: The chosen weapon gains a +3 bonus to attack rolls and damage rolls instead.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["bonus action"]
}

FeatsList["vessel of resilience"] = {

	name : "Vessel of Resilience",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 172],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I learn to imbue my spirit with such resilience that it enhances my physical form.",

	descriptionFull : "I learn to imbue my spirit with such resilience that it enhances my physical form. As an action, I can bolster my defenses for 1 minute. During this time, I have resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-magical attacks, and I have advantage on Constitution saving throws. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"]
}

FeatsList["soul ravage"] = {

	name : "Soul Ravage",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 172],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have learned how to directly channel lethal energy into any living creature through touch, even to the point of ravaging the devils inside Devil Fruit users.",

	descriptionFull : "I have learned how to directly channel lethal energy into any living creature through touch, even to the point of ravaging the devils inside Devil Fruit users. I can use an action to make a melee Armament Haki spell attack against a creature I can reach. On a hit, the target takes 3d10 force damage. Additionally, if the target is a Devil Fruit user, it must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the target is unable to use Devil Fruit abilities, spells, or forms until the end of its next turn. Any Devil Fruit spells that use concentration and any Devil Fruit forms or abilities the creature has active are also ended early, as if it was touched by seastone. Once I use this ability a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest. If the Spirit Surge Event has a rarity higher than Rare, use these bonuses:\n   Very Rare: I deal 4d10 force damage instead.\n   Legendary: I deal 5d10 force damage instead.",

	abilitySave : 3,

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"]
}

FeatsList["soul shield"] = {

	name : "Soul Shield",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 173],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I'm capable of coating dense amounts of spirit energy around my body and armor to temporarily protect me from incoming attacks.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm capable of coating dense amounts of spirit energy around my body and armor to temporarily protect me from incoming attacks. I can cast the shield spell on myself, without expending a spell slot. Once I use this ability a number of times equal to half my proficiency bonus (rounded down), I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Soul Shield",

		spells : ["shield"],

		selection : ["shield"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["internal destruction"] = {

	name : "Internal Destruction",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 173],

	prerequisite : "Spirit Blast, Strength or Dexterity 13; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My mastery of Haki allows me to let my spirit energy linger, echoing my strikes with unyielding force.",

	descriptionFull : "My mastery of Haki allows me to let my spirit energy linger, echoing my strikes with unyielding force. When I hit a creature with a melee attack or unarmed strike and activate my \"Spirit Blast\", my spirit energy reverberates through the target causing it to take additional force damage equal to my Constitution modifier at the start of each of its turns for the next minute. The creature can make a Constitution saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect early on a success. If I hit the same creature with this effect again before the duration ends, the damage increases by my Constitution modifier, and the duration resets. The damage cannot exceed a total of 3 times my Constitution modifier per turn. Once I use this ability a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest. If the Spirit Surge Event has a rarity higher than Rare, use these bonuses:\n   Very Rare: The damage per turn can increase up to a total of 4 times my Constitution modifier.\n   Legendary: The damage per turn can increase up to a total of 5 times my Constitution modifier.",

	abilitySave : 3,

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",
}

FeatsList["force of will"] = {

	name : "Force of Will",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 173],

	prerequisite : "Strength or Dexterity 13; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My iron-will enables ne to unleash devastating shockwaves of Haki energy.",

	descriptionFull : "My iron-will enables ne to unleash devastating shockwaves of Haki energy. As an action, I can slam my foot or fist into the ground, causing a shockwave of spirit energy to radiate from me. Each creature within 30 feet of me must make a Strength saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 4d10 force damage and is knocked prone. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't knocked prone. Structures and non-magical objects within the area take the same damage. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 3,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["shield of vengeance"] = {

	name : "Shield of Vengeance",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 173],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I form a powerful retaliation shield that lashes out at attackers with spiritual force.",

	descriptionFull : "I form a powerful retaliation shield that lashes out at attackers with spiritual force. As a reaction, when I'm hit by an attack, I can cast the spell hellish rebuke, targeting the attacker. The damage type for the spell is force, and the spell's level is equal to my proficiency bonus. Once I use this ability a number of times equal to half my proficiency bonus (rounded down), I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["reaction"],
}

FeatsList["spirit shot"] = {

	name : "Spirit Shot",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 173],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have honed my Haki to imbue my ranged weapons with a potent burst of spirit energy.",

	descriptionFull : "I have honed my Haki to imbue my ranged weapons with a potent burst of spirit energy. As a bonus action, I can imbue a ranged weapon attack with my Haki. The next time I hit with that weapon, the attack deals an additional 2d8 force damage. The imbued weapon retains this energy until I hit a target or until 1 hour has passed. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, and regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["bonus action"],
}

FeatsList["spirit emission"] = {

	name : "Spirit Emission",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 173],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I concentrate my Haki into a potent beam of energy, piercing through multiple enemies.",

	descriptionFull : "I concentrate my Haki into a potent beam of energy, piercing through multiple enemies. As an action, I can fire a beam of energy in a line that is 60 feet long and 5 feet wide. Each creature in the line must make a Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 10d6 force damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. This beam penetrates through creatures and objects, potentially hitting multiple targets in its path. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish along rest.",

	abilitySave : 3,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["bullet of will"] = {

	name : "Bullet of Will",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 173],

	prerequisite : "Spirit Shot, Dexterity 13; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My control over my Haki extends beyond my body, imbuing my ranged attacks with potent force.",

	descriptionFull : "My control over my Haki extends beyond my body, imbuing my ranged attacks with potent force. When I make a ranged attack, I can use a bonus action to imbue my projectile with my Haki, causing it to deal an additional 4d8 force damage on a hit. Furthermore, the attack has a maximum range of 500 feet with no disadvantage due to long-range. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",
}

FeatsList["titan's grip"] = {

	name : "Titan's Grip",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 174],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My spiritual force can now grip even the intangible, enabling me to grasp any attack and withstand its damage.",

	descriptionFull : "My spiritual force can now grip even the intangible, enabling me to grasp any attack and withstand its damage. As a reaction, when me or a creature within 30 feet of me is targeted by a spell or ability that deals damage, I can use my Haki to intercept the attack. The damage is redirected to me, but I only take half damage (rounded down). Once I use this ability a number of times equal to half my proficiency bonus (rounded down), I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["reaction"],
}

FeatsList["blackened fist of ruin"] = {

	name : "Blackened Fist of Ruin",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 174],

	prerequisite : "Spirit Blast, Strength or Dexterity 15; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My spiritual energy can focus into a single devastating punch that shatters any defense.",

	descriptionFull : "My spiritual energy can focus into a single devastating punch that shatters any defense. As an action, I can make a single melee weapon attack against a creature within reach. If this attack hits, it deals an additional 10d10 force damage, and if the target is a creature, it must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be knocked back 30 feet and knocked prone. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 3,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["crippling blast"] = {

	name : "Crippling Blast",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 174],

	prerequisite : "Spirit Blast; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I enhance my ability to send bursts of energy through my attacks and can now physically destroy my enemies from the inside.",

	descriptionFull : "I enhance my ability to send bursts of energy through my attacks and can now physically destroy my enemies from the inside. When I use my \"Spirit Blast\" feature to deal extra damage to a creature, I deal an extra 1d8 force damage and force the target to make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, it has disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks, and can’t take reactions, until the end of its next turn.",

	abilitySave : 3,
}

FeatsList["dark armor"] = {

	name : "Dark Armor",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 174],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can create a nearly indestructible coat of Haki that guards me from all harm.",

	descriptionFull : "I can create a nearly indestructible coat of Haki that guards me from all harm. As an action, I can envelop myself in a layer of super-dense Haki. For the next 10 minutes, I gain resistance to all types of damage except force, my AC can't be less than 20, regardless of what kind of armor I'm wearing, and I'm immune to being grappled or restrained. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["galaxy impact"] = {

	name : "Galaxy Impact",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 174],

	prerequisite : "Strength or Dexterity 15; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have reached the pinnacle of Armament Haki, gaining the ability to impose my spirit's might on the world around me.",

	descriptionFull : "I have reached the pinnacle of Armament Haki, gaining the ability to impose my spirit's might on the world around me. As an action, I can cause a burst of pure force to radiate from me. All creatures and objects within a 30-foot radius must make a Constitution saving throw against my Armament Haki save DC. On a failed save, a creature takes 10d10 force damage and is knocked prone. On a successful save, a creature takes half as much damage and isn't knocked prone. Unworn objects automatically fail their saving throw and take full damage. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 3,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["element infusion"] = {

	name : "Element Infusion",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 174],

	prerequisite : "Weapon Hardening; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My understanding of elemental energies and spirit manipulation has evolved to such an extent that I can saturate my weapons with massive amounts of destructive force.",

	descriptionFull : "My understanding of elemental energies and spirit manipulation has evolved to such an extent that I can saturate my weapons with massive amounts of destructive force. When I activate my \"Weapon Hardening\" feature on a weapon I'm using, I can choose to infuse it with a primal element, causing it to crackle with raw energy. I choose one of the following damage types: acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder. For the duration of my \"Weapon Hardening\", each of my successful attacks with the infused weapon deal an extra 5d6 damage of the chosen type. The extra damage applies to every successful hit, even if I make multiple attacks in a turn. In addition, the weapon sheds bright light in a color corresponding to the chosen element in a 40-foot radius, and dim light for an additional 40 feet. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",
}

FeatsList["abyssal hole"] = {

	name : "Abyssal Hole",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 174],

	prerequisite : "Spirit Blast, Strength or Dexterity 15; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I've refined my Armament Haki to a point where I can channel both its overwhelming force and my intimidating spirit into a single destructive blow, capable of sending foes plummeting into an abyss.",

	descriptionFull : "I've refined my Armament Haki to a point where I can channel both its overwhelming force and my intimidating spirit into a single destructive blow, capable of sending foes plummeting into an abyss. As an action, I can make a melee attack against an opponent within reach. If the attack hits, I envelop my hand in concentrated Haki and smash my opponent into the ground, dealing 10d10 force damage and forcing them to make a Strength saving throw against my Armament Haki save DC. On a failed save, the enemy is sent crashing downwards 50 feet, taking any additional fall damage, and creating a gaping hole in the ground if the area is able to be destroyed, and is knocked prone and stunned until the end of its next turn. If used on a surface not connected to a substantial amount of earth (such as the deck of a ship or a wooden floor), this ability will instead break through the surface and cause the enemy to fall through, dealing the same amount of force damage to any objects hit. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 3,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["permanent black weapon"] = {

	name : "Permanent Black Weapon",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 175],

	prerequisite : "Weapon Hardening; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I coat a weapon with a permanent layer of dark energy that never leaves it.",

	descriptionFull : "I coat a weapon with a permanent layer of dark energy that never leaves it. I choose a weapon that is separate from my body. I spend 1 hour infusing it with my spirit. It receives the bonuses from \"Weapon Hardening\" and is considered magical permanently or until I end it by spending 1 hour to remove it. Only one weapon can receive the benefits permanent infusion at a time, and it only receives the benefits from the \"Weapon Hardening\" advancement feature and no other additional Haki advancement features that have been appliedto it. If a creature other than me attempts to use this weapon, it must attune to the weapon to gain its benefits. I can still use \"Weapon Hardening\" normally on separate weapons whilethis infusion is active. I can't use this feature again to create a permanently infused weapon until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",
}

FeatsList["thunderbolt volley"] = {

	name : "Thunderbolt Volley",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 175],

	prerequisite : "Spirit Shot, Dexterity 15; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have harnessed the strength of my spirit to such a degree that I can channel it into my ranged attacks, causing them to hit with the force of a thunderbolt.",

	descriptionFull : "I have harnessed the strength of my spirit to such a degree that I can channel it into my ranged attacks, causing them to hit with the force of a thunderbolt. As an action, select one target I can see within range of my chosen weapon. I fire a single shot imbued with my Haki, which splits into multiple thundering energy bolts mid-flight. I make a single weapon attack roll. On a hit, the target suffers the normal effects of the weapon attack, and it takes an additional 4d10 force damage. Then, up to six other targets of my choice that I can see within 30 feet of the original target each take force damage equal to the additional force damage roll. After the attack, the force of the unleashed energy causes a thunderous boom that is audible up to 600 feet. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["divine departure"] = {

	name : "Divine Departure",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 175],

	prerequisite : "Spirit Blast, Strength or Dexterity 15; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have mastered the art of channeling my Haki into an explosive leap, propelling myself towards my enemy and delivering a devastating blow.",

	descriptionFull : "I have mastered the art of channeling my Haki into an explosive leap, propelling myself towards my enemy and delivering a devastating blow. As an action, I can choose a point I can see within 60 feet of me. I leap to that point, and I can make one melee attack against a creature within 5 feet of my landing spot. This attack is made with advantage, and if the attack hits, it deals an additional 4d10 force damage. The force from my landing also creates a shockwave that spreads out from the point of impact. All creatures within a 15-foot radius of my landing point must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, they take 3d10 force damage and are knocked prone. On a successful save, they take half as much damage and are not knocked prone. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["king's conquest"] = {

	name : "King's Conquest",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 175],

	prerequisite : "Qualites of a King, Weapon Hardening; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Through rigorous training and self-discovery, I have learned to manifest my Armament and King's Haki in their most potent form, transforming my weapon into an extension of my indomitable will.",

	descriptionFull : "Through rigorous training and self-discovery, I have learned to manifest my Armament and King's Haki in their most potent form, transforming my weapon into an extension of my indomitable will. When I use my \"Weapon Hardening\" feature on a weapon I'm currently wielding, I may choose to activate King's Conquest. For the next minute, my reach with that weapon increases by 10 feet. When I attack and hit a creature with this weapon, I can choose to push the creature up to 10 feet away from me, in addition to the attack's normal effects. The creature is also stunned until the start of my next turn, unless it succeeds on a Constitution saving throw against my Armament Haki save DC. Moreover, once per round on my turn, when I hit acreature with the imbued weapon, I can choose to channel the full power of my Haki, dealing additional force damage equal to twice my Proficiency bonus + my Constitution modifier. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 3,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",
}

FeatsList["vision of light"] = {

	name : "Vision of Light",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 176],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can see in dim light within 120 feet of me as if it were bright light, and in darkn⁠ess as if it were dim light. You can't discern color in darkne⁠ss⁠, only shades of gray.",
}

FeatsList["aura detection"] = {

	name : "Aura Detection",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 176],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can cast detect magic at will, without expending a spell slot or material components.",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Aura Detection",

		spells : ["detect magic"],

		selection : ["detect magic"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["predict outcome"] = {

	name : "Predict Outcome",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 176],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can see a tiny glimpse into the future to determine the potential negative outcome of a situation and avoid it.",

	descriptionFull : "I can see a tiny glimpse into the future to determine the potential negative outcome of a situation and avoid it. When I make an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, I can choose to reroll the d20. I must reroll the die before the outcome of the initial roll is determined. Alternatively, when a creature I can see makes an attack against me or makes a saving throw against one of my spells or features, I can force that creature to reroll the attack roll or saving throw. If the roll that triggers the reroll is made with advantage or disadvantage, both d20s are rerolled. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",
}

FeatsList["spirit sense"] = {

	name : "Spirit Sense",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 176],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have trained my Haki to feel the presence of beings who are invisible, hidden, or disguised.",

	descriptionFull : "I have trained my Haki to feel the presence of beings who are invisible, hidden, or disguised. As an action, I can sense the presence of creatures I can't see within 60 feet of me, provided that me and the creature aren't separated by total cover. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus. I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["predictive strike"] = {

	name : "Predictive Strike",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 176],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When a creature misses me with a melee attack, I can use my reaction to make a melee attack against the creature. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus. I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["reaction"],
}

FeatsList["aura reading"] = {

	name : "Aura Reading",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 176],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can cast the detect poison and disease or detect evil and good spells, without expending a spell slot or material components. Once I use this ability a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	descriptionFull : "I have trained my Haki to feel the presence of beings who are invisible, hidden, or disguised. As an action, I can sense the presence of creatures I can't see within 60 feet of me, provided that me and the creature aren't separated by total cover. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus. I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Aura Reading",

		spells : ["detect poison and disease", "detect evil and good"],

		selection : ["detect poison and disease", "detect evil and good"],

		times : 2,

		prepared : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["far sight"] = {

	name : "Far Sight",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 176],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My Observation Haki allows me to perceive threats from a significant distance.",

	descriptionFull : "My Observation Haki allows me to perceive threats from a significant distance. As a bonus action, I can extend my ranged weapon range for 1 minute or until I'm incapacitated. The range of my ranged weapon attacks is doubled and I suffer no disadvantage for making ranged weapon attacks at long range for the duration. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["bonus action"],
}

FeatsList["echoing shot"] = {

	name : "Echoing Shot",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have learned to channel my Observation Haki into my ranged attacks, enabling my shots to curve mid-air.",

	descriptionFull : "I have learned to channel my Observation Haki into my ranged attacks, enabling my shots to curve mid-air. When I make a ranged weapon attack and miss, I can use my bonus action to reroll the attack against a different creature within range. The new attack ricochets off a solid surface, such as a wall or a ceiling, before heading towards the new target. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus. I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["bonus action"],
}

FeatsList["x-ray vision"] = {

	name : "X-Ray Vision",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "By amplifying my vision with my spirit, I'm able to see through physical objects.",

	descriptionFull : "By amplifying my vision with my spirit, I'm able to see through physical objects. As an action, I gain the ability to see through solid objects to a range of 30 feet. Within that range, I have darkvision if I don't already have it. This special sight lasts for 1 minute or until my concentration ends (as if I was concentrating on a spell). During that time, I perceive objects as ghostly, transparent images. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["aura analysis"] = {

	name : "Aura Analysis",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Aura Reading; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When using \"Aura Reading\", I also have the option to cast detect thoughts instead, without expending a spell slot or material components.",
}

FeatsList["echo of futures past"] = {

	name : "Echo of Futures Past",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I roll for initiative, I can choose to gain advantage on all my attack rolls until the end of my first turn. Additionally, I can take the dodge action as a bonus action on my first turn.",
}

FeatsList["hawk's gaze"] = {

	name : "Hawk's Gaze",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight. In addition, I can make out details of even extremely distant creatures and objects as small as 2 feet across.",
}

FeatsList["empathic resonance"] = {

	name : "Empathic Resonance",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "As an action, I can focus my senses on one creature I can see within 60 feet of me. I immediately learn the creature's emotional state and its general intentions for its next action (such as attack, flee, or negotiate).",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["echolocation"] = {

	name : "Echolocation",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "As an action, I can emit a pulse of energy that allows mr to effectively \"see\" in all directions. For 1 minute, I gain blindsight out to a range of 30 feet. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, and regain all expended uses after a long rest.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["imminent sense"] = {

	name : "Imminent Sense",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I'm subjected to an effect that allows me to make a Dexterity saving throw to take only half damage, I instead take no damage if you succeed on the saving throw, and only half damage if I fail.",
}

FeatsList["predictive shot"] = {

	name : "Predictive Shot",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My Haki allows me to predict the trajectory of my shots with uncanny precision, even accounting for the slightest movements of my target.",

	descriptionFull : "My Haki allows me to predict the trajectory of my shots with uncanny precision, even accounting for the slightest movements of my target. Once per turn when I make a ranged attack, I can choose to use this feature before the attack roll. The attack ignores cover and the target's Dexterity modifier to AC (if any) and hits on a roll of 19 or 20. On a hit, the attack deals an additional 2d6 damage. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "short rest",
}

FeatsList["soul gaze"] = {

	name : "Soul Gaze",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain advantage on all Insight checks, and I can use my action to learn specific aspects about a creature I can see. I learn the creature's current HP, all its immunities, resistances, and vulnerabilities, and whether it has any spellcasting or supernatural abilities.",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["chronostasis"] = {

	name : "Chronostasis",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 177],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can take the Ready action as a bonus action on my turn. The action I ready must be a melee or ranged attack.",
}

FeatsList["glimpse into the future"] = {

	name : "Glimpse into the Future",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 178],

	prerequisite : "Predict Outcome; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "By developing my sixth sense, I can see further into the future.",

	descriptionFull : "By developing my sixth sense, I can see further into the future. When I finish a long rest, roll two d20s and record the numbers rolled. I can replace any attack roll, saving throw, or ability check made by me or a creature that I can see with one of these foretelling rolls. I must choose to do so before the roll, and I can replace a roll in this way only once per turn. Each foretelling roll can be used only once. When I finish a long rest, I lose any unused foretelling rolls. If the Spirit Surge Event has a rarity higher than Very Rare, use these bonuses:\n   Legendary: I roll three d20s instead.",
}

FeatsList["infinite sight"] = {

	name : "Infinite Sight",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 178],

	prerequisite : "X-Ray Vision or Far Sight; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can cast the clairvoyance spell, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this feature again until I finish a short or long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "short rest",
}

FeatsList["preemptive strike"] = {

	name : "Preemptive Strike",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 178],

	prerequisite : "X-Ray Vision or Far Sight; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My heightened observation skills allow me to react to threats with lightning speed, attacking before my enemy can even strike.",

	descriptionFull : "My heightened observation skills allow me to react to threats with lightning speed, attacking before my enemy can even strike. As a reaction when a creature I can see within range initiates an attack against me, I can make one weapon attack against the creature. If my attack hits, the creature's attack is cancelled and they lose their action. This feature doesn't prevent the creature from using a bonus action or reaction. I can use this feature a number of times equal to my Wisdom modifier (minimum of once). I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest.",

	usages : "Wisdom modifier per ",
	usagescalc : "event.value = Math.max(1, What('Wis Mod'));",

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["reaction"],
}

FeatsList["absolute perception"] = {

	name : "Absolute Perception",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 178],

	prerequisite : "Echolocation; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can extend my senses to an uncanny degree, becoming aware of every detail in my surroundings.",

	descriptionFull : "I can extend my senses to an uncanny degree, becoming aware of every detail in my surroundings. As an action, I gain truesight and blindsight out to arange of 120 feet for 10 minutes. I can see in normal and magical darkness, see invisible creatures and objects, automatically detect visual illusions and succeed on saving throws against them, and perceive the original form of a shapechanger or a creature transformed by magic. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["traveling gaze"] = {

	name : "Traveling Gaze",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 178],

	prerequisite : "Far Sight; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can cast the arcane eye spell at will, without expending a spell slot or material components.",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Traveling Gaze",

		spells : ["arcane eye"],

		selection : ["arcane eye"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["the zone"] = {

	name : "The Zone",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 178],

	prerequisite : "Predict Outcome; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "In the heat of battle, I can enter a state of total spatial awareness and the ability to see clearly into the future for a prolonged period of time.",

	descriptionFull : "In the heat of battle, I can enter a state of total spatial awareness and the ability to see clearly into the future for a prolonged period of time. I can spend an action to center my focus around my sixth sense and gain the benefits of the foresight spell for 1 minute. This effect ends early if I fall unconscious or end it as a bonus action. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["the voice of all things"] = {

	name : "The Voice of All Things",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 178],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King, Aura Detection or Aura Reading; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have learned to use my rare natural talent to tune into the wavelengths of all forms of communication in the world.",

	descriptionFull : "I have learned to use my rare natural talent to tune into the wavelengths of all forms of communication in the world. I can read and understand all languages, written or verbal, including any writing on poneglyphs. I can also cast the speak with animals spell at will, without expending a spell slot. When using this spell, I can communicate with all types of creatures in the same way I would be able to with a beast. Additionally, I can speak telepathically with any creauture within 120 feet of me.",

	languageProfs : ["All"],

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "The Voice of All Things",

		spells : ["speak with animals"],

		selection : ["speak with animals"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["aura of all things"] = {

	name : "Aura of All Things",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 178],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can cast the commune with nature spell at will, without expending a spell slot or material components.",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "The Voice of All Things",

		spells : ["commune with nature"],

		selection : ["commune with nature"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["clairvoyant strike"] = {

	name : "Clairvoyant Strike",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 178],

	prerequisite : "Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I make an attack, I can declare it to be a clairvoyant strike. I can give myself a +20 bonus to an attack roll I make. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a short rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "short rest",
}

FeatsList["voice of influence"] = {

	name : "Voice of Influence",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 179],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Being born with qualities of a king, I find it easy to spread my ideas to others and influence their behavior.",

	descriptionFull : "Being born with qualities of a king, I find it easy to spread my ideas to others and influence their behavior. I gain proficiency in the Deception and Persuasion skills. I can cast the charm person spell, without expending a spell slot or material components. Once I use this ability a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	skills : ["Deception", "Persuasion"],

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Voice of Influence",

		spells : ["charm person"],

		selection : ["charm person"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["lord's demand"] = {

	name : "Lord's Demand",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 179],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My haki-infused words compel obedience, manipulating others into doing my bidding.",

	descriptionFull : "My haki-infused words compel obedience, manipulating others into doing my bidding. As an action, I can speak a command to a creature I can see within 60 feet of me. The command must be a sentence of no more than ten words. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or follow the commandon its next turn to the best of its ability. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",

	abilitySave : 6,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "short rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["king's resolve"] = {

	name : "King's Resolve",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 179],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "As a reaction when I'm reduced to 0 HP but not killed outright, I can drop to 1 HP instead. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",
}

FeatsList["roar of the monarch"] = {

	name : "Roar of the Monarch",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 179],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "As an action, I can release a thunderous yell. Each creature within a 15-foot cone must make a Constitution saving throw or be deafened and stunned until the end of my next turn. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 6,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["frightening gaze"] = {

	name : "Frightening Gaze",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 179],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain proficiency in the Intimidation skill. I can cast the cause fear spell, without expending a spell slot or material components. Once I use this ability a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	skills : ["Intimidation"],

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Frightening Gaze",

		spells : ["cause fear"],

		selection : ["cause fear"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["king's companion"] = {

	name : "King's Companion",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 179],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I'm able to influence the souls of tiny magical spirits around me, gaining their assistance and occasional servitude.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm able to influence the souls of tiny magical spirits around me, gaining their assistance and occasional servitude. I can cast the find familiar spell as a ritual without using any material components. The familiar must take on one of the stat blocks listed by the spell, but can appear as any tiny creature I desire, perhaps representing my spirit animal. Additionally, when I take the Attack action on my turn, I can forgo one of my own attacks to allow my familiar to make one attack of its own with its reaction.",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "King's Companion",

		spells : ["find familiar"],

		selection : ["find familiar"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		ritual : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["leader of the animal kingdom"] = {

	name : "Leader of the Animal Kingdom",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 179],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can cast the animal friendship spell at will, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can also cast the charm monster spell, without expending a spell slot. I can't use this spell again until I finish a short or long rest.",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Leader of the Animal Kingdom",

		spells : ["animal friendship", "charm monster"],

		selection : ["animal friendship"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["king's radiance"] = {

	name : "King's Radiance",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 180],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My spirit's energy radiates from me, making it difficult for enemies to approach.",

	descriptionFull : "My spirit's energy radiates from me, making it difficult for enemies to approach. As an action, I can cause a burst of Haki energy to radiate from me. Until the end of my next turn, I emit a 10-foot radius of light, and at the start of each of my turns, each creature of my choice in that radius takes psychic damage equal to my Charisma modifier. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["command the battlefield"] = {

	name : "Command the Battlefield",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 180],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My King's Haki is so potent that it affects the battlefield, tipping the scales in my favor.",

	descriptionFull : "My King's Haki is so potent that it affects the battlefield, tipping the scales in my favor. As an action, I can issue a command that affects the terrain in a 60-foot radius centered on me for 1 minute. The effect is determined by the command I choose:\n   Hold: The ground becomes difficult terrain for my enemies.\n   Fall: Small fissures appear, causing my enemies to have disadvantage on Dexterity saving throws.\n   Rise: Small walls of earth provide cover for me and my allies, giving half cover.\nOnce I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["king's wrath"] = {

	name : "King's Wrath",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 180],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "The sheer force of my kingly spirit is enough to harm those who oppose me.",

	descriptionFull : "The sheer force of my kingly spirit is enough to harm those who oppose me. As an action, I can unleash a burst of spiritual energy. Each creature of my choice within a 20-foot radius centered on me must make a Constitution saving throw against my King's Haki save DC. On a failed save, a creature takes 2d10 psychic damage and is stunned until the end of my next turn. On a successful save, a creature takes half as much damage and isn't stunned. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 6,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["supreme terror"] = {

	name : "Supreme Terror",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 180],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I exert my powerful spirit, inciting an overwhelming sense of fear in those who dare oppose me.",

	descriptionFull : "I exert my powerful spirit, inciting an overwhelming sense of fear in those who dare oppose me. As an action, I can force all creatures of my choice within a 30-foot radius of me to make a Wisdom saving throw against my King's Haki save DC. On a failed save, the creature is frightened of me for 1 minute. A creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success. If a creature's saving throw is successful or the effect ends for it, the creature is immune to my Supreme Terror for the next 24 hours. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 6,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["resonating presence"] = {

	name : "Resonating Presence",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 180],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My spirit resonates with such intensity that it physically manifests, influencing the world around me.",

	descriptionFull : "My spirit resonates with such intensity that it physically manifests, influencing the world around me. As an action, I can activate this feature to create a visible aura around myself for 1 minute. The aura extends 15 feet from me in all directions, but not through total cover. Whenever a hostile creature starts its turn in the aura, it must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the creature is stunned until the start of its next turn as it's overwhelmed by my presence. On a successful save, the creature is not stunned and is immune to my aura for the next 24 hours. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 6,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["sovereign's resolve"] = {

	name : "Sovereign's Resolve",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 180],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My willpower is so profound that it acts as a bulwark against mental intrusions and manipulation.",

	descriptionFull : "My willpower is so profound that it acts as a bulwark against mental intrusions and manipulation. I have advantage on saving throws against spells and effects that would charm, frighten, or possess me. Moreover, if I succeed on a saving throw against such a spell or effect, the creature who cast the spell or caused the effect must make a Wisdom saving throw against my King's Haki save DC or be frightened of me for 1 minute.",

	abilitySave : 6,
}

FeatsList["willpower ravage"] = {

	name : "Willpower Ravage",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 180],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "By focusing all of my willpower and spirit onto a single creature within range, I'm able to cripple its mind and soul, including the soul of the devil inside it if it is a Devil Fruit user.",

	descriptionFull : "By focusing all of my willpower and spirit onto a single creature within range, I'm able to cripple its mind and soul, including the soul of the devil inside it if it is a Devil Fruit user. I can cast the phantasmal killer spell, without expending a spell slot. While a creature is influenced by this spell on a failed save using this feature, it is unable to use Devil Fruit abilities, spells, or forms until the spell ends. Any Devil Fruit spells that use concentration and any Devil Fruit forms or abilities the creature has active are also ended early. I can't use this feature again until I finish a long rest.",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Willpower Ravage",

		spells : ["phantasmal killer"],

		selection : ["phantasmal killer"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		oncelr : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["dread sovereign's roar"] = {

	name : "Dread Sovereign's Roar",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 181],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "With a shout imbued with the force of my indomitable spirit, I evoke primal fear in those who dare to oppose me.",

	descriptionFull : "With a shout imbued with the force of my indomitable spirit, I evoke primal fear in those who dare to oppose me. As an action, I can unleash a powerful roar that resonates with my King's Haki. Each creature of my choice within 60 feet of me that can hear me must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my King's Haki save DC or become frightened of me for 1 minute. A creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success. In addition, a creature that fails its saving throw by 5 or more falls prone and is paralyzed with fear until the end of its next turn. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 6,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["observation killer"] = {

	name : "Observation Killer",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 181],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My supreme will creates an aura that confuses and disorients the senses of others, effectively countering their Observation Haki.",

	descriptionFull : "My supreme will creates an aura that confuses and disorients the senses of others, effectively countering their Observation Haki. As a bonus action, I can create a 30-foot radius aura centered on me that lasts for 1 minute or until I'm incapacitated. While I'm within this aura, any creature other than me that relies on Observation Haki to gain information or to enhance their abilities is negated if they try to affect another creature or space in this aura. Additionally, they cannot use any features, advantages, or spells that require or benefit from Observation Haki against a creature in this aura. Creatures of my choice with the Color of Observation Haki features that try to use an Observation Haki ability from within the aura must make a Wisdom saving throw against my King's Haki save DC. On a failed save, they are disoriented and can't use Observation Haki abilities and take disadvantage on attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws until the start of their next turn. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 6,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["bonus action"],
}

FeatsList["conqueror's bulwark"] = {

	name : "Conqueror's Bulwark",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 181],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can fortify not just myself, but also my allies against the crushing force of other conquerors. My indomitable spirit stands as a testament of my unyielding resolve.",

	descriptionFull : "I can fortify not just myself, but also my allies against the crushing force of other conquerors. My indomitable spirit stands as a testament of my unyielding resolve. After taking this feat, I'm immune to the frightened condition. I'm also immune to any effects that can incapacitate or stun me by means of Conqueror's Haki. Moreover, as an action, I can extend this powerful protection to my comrades. All allied creatures within a 60-foot radius of me gain immunity to the frightened condition and cannot be incapacitated or stunned by Conqueror's Haki. This effect lasts for 1 hour. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["frightened"],
	},

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["overpower devil fruit effects"] = {

	name : "Overpower Devil Fruit Effects",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 181],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can cast the dispel magic spell at will, without expending a spell slot. This only works on active spells or effects caused or created by Devil Fruit powers.",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Overpower Devil Fruit Effects",

		spells : ["dispel magic"],

		selection : ["dispel magic"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["unyielding conqueror's wrath"] = {

	name : "Unyielding Conqueror's Wrath",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 181],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "The sheer force of my indomitable spirit is a deadly tempest that can devastate those who oppose me.",

	descriptionFull : "The sheer force of my indomitable spirit is a deadly tempest that can devastate those who oppose me. As an action, I can release an all-consuming wave of pure willpower that resonates from my very core. All creatures within a 120-foot radius must make a Constitutionsaving throw against my King's Haki save DC. On a failed save, a creature takes 10d10 force damage, is knocked prone, and is stunned until the end of my next turn. On a successful save, a creature takes half as much damage and isn't knocked prone or stunned. Creatures with an Intelligence score of 3 or lower automatically fail their saving throw. Structures within the area of effect take twice the damage, and the force of my will can create a massive crater in the landscape, a testament to my potent and unstoppable spirit. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 6,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["complete willpower domination"] = {

	name : "Complete Willpower Domination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 181],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can cast the dominate monster spell, without expending a spell slot. I can't use this feature again until I finish a long rest.",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Complete Willpower Domination",

		spells : ["dominate monster"],

		selection : ["dominate monster"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		oncelr : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["lord's mirror"] = {

	name : "Lord's Mirror",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 181],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My strong spirit can be used to deflect harmful effects back to their origin.",

	descriptionFull : "My strong spirit can be used to deflect harmful effects back to their origin. When I succeed on a saving throw against a spell or other harmful effect that targets only me (not an area effect), I can use my reaction to force the originator to make a saving throw using the same DC. On a failure, the originator is affected by the spell or effect as if they were the original target. After using this feature, I must finish a long rest before using it again.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["reaction"],
}

FeatsList["conqueror's maelstorm"] = {

	name : "Conqueror's Maelstorm",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 182],

	prerequisite : "Qualities of a King, Dread Sovereign's Roar or Resonating Presence; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Haki advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My will is a force of nature, an untamed storm that canbring even the skies to submission. My potent Haki can resonate with the atmosphere itself, causing the elements to dance to the rhythm of my spirit.",

	descriptionFull : "My will is a force of nature, an untamed storm that canbring even the skies to submission. My potent Haki can resonate with the atmosphere itself, causing the elements to dance to the rhythm of my spirit. As an action, I can choose to unleash the full might of my Haki, creating a spectacular atmospheric phenomenonknown as a Conqueror's Maelstrom. A column of vibrant azure splits the sky directly above me, creating a heavenly chasm that can be seen for miles around. This imposing rift lasts for an hour, if I fall unconscious, or until I choose to dispel it (no action required). This monumental shift in the atmosphere carries with it the following potent effects:\n   Authority of the Skies: Every creature within a 1-mile radius that can see the sky becomes instinctively aware of my imposing presence and my exact location. The sight of the split sky leaves an indelible impression of my might, potentially changing attitudes of creatures toward me at the DM's discretion.\n   Stormbinder's Will: I gain control over the weather in a 1-mile radius centered on me. As an action, I can change the weather conditions: from stormy to calm, from calm to a tempest, or create specific meteorological phenomena such as rain, snow, or dense fog. These conditions persist for the duration and revert to their previous state when the Conqueror's Maelstrom ends.\n   Shockwave of Supremacy: While Conqueror's Maelstrom is active, I can send forth a powerful shockwave of my Haki as an action. Each creature of my choice that I can see within 300 feet of me must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my King's Haki save DC or be frightened until the end of my next turn. On a failure by 5 or more, a creature is also stunned until the end of my next turn, overwhelmed by the sheer might of my will.\nOnce I use this feature, I can't use it again until I finish a long rest.",

	abilitySave : 6,

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["reaction"],
}

FeatsList["improved basic ability"] = {

	name : "Improved Basic Ability",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 202],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Paramecia or Logia Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have learned how to better use my Devil Fruit powers on a basic level.",

	descriptionFull : "I have learned how to better use my Devil Fruit powers on a basic level. With the help and approval of my DM, I may choose one cantrip and one 1st-Level spell from any class spell list that fits the nature of my Devil Fruit power. I learn and use the chosen cantrip, without expending material components, as a part of my basic Devil Fruit powers. I can also use the chosen spell as part of my Devil Fruit spells by spending 1 Devil Fruit charge to use it, no material components required.",
}

FeatsList["devil's gift"] = {

	name : "Devil's Gift",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 202],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can select and use a player feat that fits the nature of my Devil Fruit, with the approval of my DM.",
}

FeatsList["faster form"] = {

	name : "Faster Form",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 202],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Zoan or Logia Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Now, instead of using an action to activate my Zoan \"Hybrid Form\" or Logia \"Elemental Form\" feature, I only need to use a bonus action on my turn.",
}

FeatsList["resistance shatter"] = {

	name : "Resistance Shatter",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 202],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Paramecia or Logia Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have learned to focus my Devil Fruit powers into higher concentrations of magic energy, overcoming any resistances a creature might naturally have.",

	descriptionFull : "I have learned to focus my Devil Fruit powers into higher concentrations of magic energy, overcoming any resistances a creature might naturally have. I choose a damage type other than force I deal with my Devil Fruit spells or abilities. I now ignore resistances to that damage type when using spells or abilities from my Devil Fruit, unless the resistance is granted by Haki.",
}

FeatsList["greater hybrid"] = {

	name : "Greater Hybrid",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 202],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Zoan Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I enter my hybrid form, I can select one additional Hybrid Form option I can use for the duration of my hybrid form.",
}

FeatsList["power potency"] = {

	name : "Power Potency",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 202],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Uncommon or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "By increasing the effectiveness of my Devil Fruit powers on others, I gain a +1 bonus to my Devil Fruit save DC and Devil Fruit attack modifier.",

	descriptionFull : "By increasing the effectiveness of my Devil Fruit powers on others, I gain a +1 bonus to my Devil Fruit save DC and Devil Fruit attack modifier. If the Spirit Surge Event has a rarity higher than Uncommon, use these bonuses:\n   Rare: The bonus increases to +2 instead.\n   Very Rare: The bonus increases to +3 instead.\n   Legendary: The bonus increases to +4 instead.",
}

FeatsList["devil recharge"] = {

	name : "Devil Recharge",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 202],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Paramecia or Logia Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I complete a short rest, I can expend Hit Dice to regain a number of Devil Fruit charges equal to the amount of Hit Dice spent.",

	descriptionFull : "By increasing the effectiveness of my Devil Fruit powers on others, I gain a +1 bonus to my Devil Fruit save DC and Devil Fruit attack modifier. If the Spirit Surge Event has a rarity higher than Uncommon, use these bonuses:\n   Rare: The bonus increases to +2 instead.\n   Very Rare: The bonus increases to +3 instead.\n   Legendary: The bonus increases to +4 instead.",
}

FeatsList["greater beast shape"] = {

	name : "Greater Beast Shape",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 202],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Zoan Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "My mastery over my Zoan Creature form is greatly improved.",

	descriptionFull : "My mastery over my Zoan Creature form is greatly improved. I now only need to spend a bonus action to enter my zoan Beast Shape, instead of an action. Additionally, while I'm transformed by my Beast Shape, I can spend a bonus action to regain HP equal to my zoan creature's Hit Dice. I can regain HP this way a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus. I regain all expended uses when I complete a long rest.",

	usages : [2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["bonus action"],
}

FeatsList["devil's determination"] = {

	name : "Devil's Determination",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 202],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I now have advantage on Constitution saving throws made to avoid breaking concentration on Devil Fruit spells or being incapacitated by seastone.",

	action : ["bonus action"],
}

FeatsList["greater resistance"] = {

	name : "Greater Resistance",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 203],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Paramecia or Logia Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "By improving the strength of my Devil Fruit properties or elemental nature, I can defend against a greater range of attack types.",

	descriptionFull : "By improving the strength of my Devil Fruit properties or elemental nature, I can defend against a greater range of attack types. With the help and approval of my DM, choose a type of damage that isn't force, I have now adapted to resist that damage type using my Devil Fruit powers. Alternatively, I may choose one of the following conditions: blinded, deafened, paralyzed, or poisoned. I'm now immune to that condition instead.",
}

FeatsList["beast's resistance"] = {

	name : "Beast's Resistance",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 203],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Zoan Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "If I'm subjected to an effect that would end my \"Beast Shape\", such as seastone or Haki, I can use a reaction to remain in my form instead of reverting.",

	descriptionFull : "If I'm subjected to an effect that would end my \"Beast Shape\", such as seastone or Haki, I can use a reaction to remain in my form instead of reverting. If the effect would apply to me for an extended duration, I resist reverting until the end of my next turn. I cannot use this reaction again until I complete a long rest. Additionally, when any type of damage other than force dealt to my \"Beast Shape\" would carry over into my base form when I revert, the amount that carries over to my base form becomes 0.",
}

FeatsList["greater beast evolution"] = {

	name : "Greater Beast Evolution",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 203],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Zoan Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Now, when I enter my Hybrid Form, I can choose two additional Hybrid Form options I can use for the duration of my \"Hybrid Form\".",
}

FeatsList["devil's combo"] = {

	name : "Devil's Combo",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 203],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Paramecia or Logia Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I use my action to cast a spell with my devil fruit, I may make one weapon attack as a bonus action.",
}

FeatsList["greater force"] = {

	name : "Greater Force",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 203],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Zoan Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "While in my beast form, I gain a +2 bonus to Strength and Dexterity. This bonus also applies to my hybrid form, if I have one.",
}

FeatsList["demonic burst"] = {

	name : "Demonic Burst",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 203],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Paramecia or Logia Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Once per turn, when I hit with an attack using a Devil Fruit spell or ability, I can deal an extra 2d6 damage of the same type dealt by the attack to the target.",
}

FeatsList["devil fruit evolution"] = {

	name : "Devil Fruit Evolution",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 203],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Uncommon or Rare Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Very Rare or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "By harnessing my Devil Fruit's capabilities to their full extent, I elevate my power to heights previously uncharted.",

	descriptionFull : "By harnessing my Devil Fruit's capabilities to their full extent, I elevate my power to heights previously uncharted. Upon taking this advancement, the rarity of my Devil Fruit power is increased by one category for me. This advancement cannot be applied to a fruit that is already of Very Rare or Legendary rarity. The elevation in my Devil Fruit's rarity subsequently boosts the range of its powers. I ask my DM to enhance my existing Devil Fruit sheet or craft a new one to accurately represent the increased rarity. The DM must refer to the \"General Design\" section for guidance. When augmenting a Devil Fruit's power according to its new rarity, a few key adjustments should be made. First, the DC for all spells and effects should be increased by one. In addition, the daily maximum of expendable Devil Fruit charges should also be raised. The highest level of spell the fruit can cast should be adjusted. For Zoan type fruits, both the beast shape's CR range and the number of hybrid form features should be increased. However, the awakening ability might not necessarily change. Further modifications to more accurately represent the elevated rarity of the Devil Fruit power should be made at the discretion of the DM. If the Spirit Surge Event has a rarity higher than Very Rare, use these bonuses:\n   Legendary: I can evolve a Very Rare devil fruit to Legendary.",
}

FeatsList["greater devil fruit spells"] = {

	name : "Greater Devil Fruit Spells",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 203],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Paramecia or Logia Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have learned how to better use my Devil Fruit powers on an advanced level.",

	descriptionFull : "I have learned how to better use my Devil Fruit powers on an advanced level. With the help and approval of my DM, I may choose one spell of any level less than or equal to the spell level maximum of my Devil Fruit's rarity from any class spell list that fits the nature of my Devil Fruit power. I use the chosen spell as part of my Devil Fruit spells by spending a number of Devil Fruit charges equal to the spell level to use it, no material components required.",
}

FeatsList["form mastery"] = {

	name : "Form Mastery",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 203],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Zoan or Logia Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can now enter my Zoan \"Hybrid Form\" or Logia \"Elemental Form\" without a max duration, or until I end it as a bonus action. These forms still end if I fall unconscious or come into contact with seastone.",
}

FeatsList["devil fruit awakening"] = {

	name : "Devil Fruit Awakening",

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 204],

	prerequisite : "Have eaten a Devil Fruit; Undergo any instance where you are able to gain a Devil Fruit advancement of Legendary",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I've now unlocked the ultimate stage of my Devil Fruit power, granting me the ability to surpass the boundaries of my usual capabilities.",

	descriptionFull : "I've now unlocked the ultimate stage of my Devil Fruit power, granting me the ability to surpass the boundaries of my usual capabilities. My \"Awakening\" ability, as listed on my Devil Fruit sheet, is now accessible to me. If I'm a Logia or Paramecia user, refer to the details on my Devil Fruit sheet; if I'm a Zoan type, consult the \"Zoan Design\" section earlier for more details on your awakening. Furthermore, if activating my Awakening ability requires me to expend an action, I may enter an Awakened state, which lasts for 1 minute. If my specific Awakening doesn't require spending an action for activation, I must still spendan action to enter my Awakened state. While in this Awakened state, my Devil Fruit power grants me the following features for the duration:\n   Paramecia: As a Paramecia user, I now possess the ability to control and shape my environment with the properties of my devil fruit. I may spend an action to cast one of the following spells, no concentration required, without needing any material components: animate objects, telekinesis, transmute rock, or move earth. Once I have cast one of these spells in this manner, I'm unable to cast another using this feature until I enter my Awakening state. When my Awakening concludes, the effects of the chosen spell also end.\n   Logia: As a Logia user, my Awakening powers provide me with the ability to dramatically reshape the terrain and environment in my vicinity. When I enter my Awakening state, I can alter the terrain within an area of up to 1 mile around me, in a manner similar to casting the mirage arcane spell. However, the chosen terrain must correspond with the nature of my Logia power. In contrast to mirage arcane, the changed terrain is not an illusion; it is genuine and maintains its transformed form even after my Awakening state has ended. During my Awakened state, I can spend an action to trigger the eruption of a vertical column of elemental energy from any piece of terrain I have transformed. This causes a 40-foot high cylinder with a 10-foot radius, centered on a point I can see, to burst forth. Every creature within this cylinder must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, a creature talkes 8d6 damage of my Logia power's type, or half as much damage on a successful one. Once the spell's duration concludes, the terrain reverts back to its previous form. I'm unable to use this feature again until I enter my Awakening state again.\nShould the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 1,

	action : ["action"],
}

SpellsList["slime wave"] = {

	name : "Slime Wave",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*slime)(?=.*wave).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 213],

	classes : ["druid", "sorcerer", "warlock", "wizard"],

	level : 3,

	school : "Conj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A drop of slime",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Dex",

	description : "I conjure up a wave of slime that crashes down on an area within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I conjure up a wave of slime that crashes down on an area within range. The area can be up to 30 feet long, up to 10 feet wide, and up to 10 feet tall. Each creature in that area must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 4d8 bludgeoning damage and is knocked prone. On a successful save, a creature takes half as much damage and isn't knocked prone. The slime then spreads out across the ground in all directions, extinguishing unprotected flames in its area and within 30 feet of it, and then it vanishes.",
}

SpellsList["soap bubble"] = {

	name : "Soap Bubble",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*soap)(?=.*bubble).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 213],

	classes : ["bard", "druid", "sorcerer", "wizard"],

	level : 3,

	school : "Conj",

	time : "1 min",

	range : "30 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A bar of soap",

	duration : "1 h",

	description : "I envelop up to five chosen creatures within range in bubbles formed from a special soap.",

	descriptionFull : "I envelop up to five chosen creatures within range in bubbles formed from a special soap. Creatures within these soap bubbles gain a swimming speed of 30 feet, the ability to breathe underwater, and an additional 5 temporary HP for the duration of the spell. The soap bubble is attached to the target creature and moves with it. Despite gaining underwater breathing from the bubble, creatures maintain their usual means of respiration. If a creature encapsulated in a soap bubble is underwater, it is not considered submerged or in direct contact with the water as long as the bubble remains intact. Should a creature within a soap bubble lose all its temporary HP provided by this spell, the bubble bursts, stripping the creature of its benefits.",
}

SpellsList["wall of goo"] = {

	name : "Wall of Goo",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*wall)(?=.*of)(?=.*goo).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 213],

	classes : ["druid", "sorcerer", "warlock", "wizard"],

	level : 3,

	school : "Evoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A drop of goo",

	duration : "conc, 10 min",

	description : "I conjure up a wall of transparent goo on the ground at a point I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I conjure up a wall of transparent goo on the ground at a point I can see within range. I can make the wall up to 30 feet long, 10 feet high, and 1 foot thick, or I can make a ringed wall up to 20 feet in diameter, 20 feet high, and 1 foot thick. The wall vanishes when the spell ends. The wall's space is difficult terrain. Any ranged weapon attack that enters the wall's space has disadvantage on the attack roll, and fire damage is halved if the fire effect passes through the wall to reach its target. Spells that deal cold damage that pass through the wall cause the area of the wall they pass through to freeze solid (at least a 5-foot square section is frozen). Each 5-foot square frozen section has AC 5 and 15 HP. Reducing a frozen section to 0 HP destroys it. When a section is destroyed, the wall's goo doesn't fill it.",
}

SpellsList["swamp sphere"] = {

	name : "Swamp Sphere",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*swamp)(?=.*sphere).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 213],

	classes : ["druid", "ranger", "sorcerer", "warlock", "wizard"],

	level : 4,

	school : "Conj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "90 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A piece of swamp material",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	save : "Str",

	description : "I conjure up a sphere of swamp mud with a 5-foot radius at a point you can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I conjure up a sphere of swamp mud with a 5-foot radius at a point you can see within range. The sphere can hover but no more than 10 feet off the ground. The sphere remains for the spell's duration. Any creature in the sphere's space must make a Strength saving throw. On a successful save, a creature is ejected from that space to the nearest unoccupied space of the creature's choice outside the sphere. A Huge or larger creature succeeds on the saving throw automatically, and a Large or smaller creature can choose to fail it. On a failed save, a creature is restrained by the sphere and is engulfed by the mud. At the end of each of its turns, a restrained target can repeat the saving throw, ending the effect on itself on a success. The sphere can restrain as many as four Medium or smaller creatures or one Large creature. If the sphere restrains a creature that causes it to exceed this capacity, a random creature that was already restrained by the sphere falls out of it and lands prone in a space within 5 feet of it. As an action, U can move the sphere up to 30 feet in a straight line. If it moves over a pit, a cliff, or other drop-off, it safely descends until it is hovering 10 feet above the ground. Any creature restrained by the sphere moves with it. I can ram the sphere into creatures, forcing them to make the saving throw. When the spell ends, the sphere falls to the ground and extinguishes all normal flames within 30 feet of it. Anycreature restrained by the sphere is knocked prone in the space where it falls. The mud then vanishes.",
}

SpellsList["great heaven splitter"] = {

	name : "Great Heaven Splitter",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*great)(?=.*heaven)(?=.*splitter).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 214],

	classes : ["cleric", "paladin", "warlock"],

	level : 5,

	school : "Conj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "150 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A melee weapon worth at least ฿1,000",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Dex",

	description : "I flourish the weapon used in the casting and then unleash a devastating slash of energy.",

	descriptionFull : "I flourish the weapon used in the casting and then unleash a devastating slash of energy. The energy slash forms a line 150 feet long and 20 feet high traveling in a direction I choose coming from me. Each creature in the line must make a Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 5d6 slashing damage and 5d6 thunder damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. A non-magical object that isn't being worn or carried also takes the damage if it's in the spell's area.",
}

SpellsList["poison giant: hell's judgement"] = {

	name : "Poison Giant: Hell's Judgement",

	nameShort : "Poison Giant",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*poison)(?=.*giant)(?=.*hell's)(?=.*judgement).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 214],

	classes : ["warlock"],

	level : 8,

	school : "Conj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self",

	components : "S",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I create a gargantuan poison demon around me, forming a 20-foot radius sphere of poison centered on me.",

	descriptionFull : "I create a gargantuan poison demon around me, forming a 20-foot radius sphere of poison centered on me which moves with me and is considered difficult terrain. If a creature ends its turn within this area around me, it must make a Constitution saving throw. The creature takes 7d6 poison or acid damage (my choice) on a failed save, or half as much on a successful one. During each of my turns while the spell is active, I may spend an action to allow the poison demon to make two attacks against any creature within 30 feet of me. These attacks count as melee spell attacks, and deal 4d12 poison or acid damage (my choice) on a hit. Any creature that takes poison or acid damage from this spell is poisoned until the end of its next turn.",
}

SpellsList["slime tsunami"] = {

	name : "Slime Tsunami",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*slime)(?=.*tsunami).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 214],

	classes : ["druid", "sorcerer", "warlock", "wizard"],

	level : 8,

	school : "Conj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Sight",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	save : "Str",

	description : "A wall of slime springs into existence at a point I choose within range.",

	descriptionFull : "A wall of slime springs into existence at a point I choose within range. I can make the wall up to 300 feet long, 300 feet high, and 50 feet thick. The wall lasts for the duration. When the wall appears, each creature within its area must make a Strength saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 6d10 bludgeoning damage, or half as much damage on a successful save. At the start of each of my turns after the wall appears, the wall, along with any creatures in it, moves 50 feet away from me. Any Huge or smaller creature inside the wall or whose space the wall enters when it moves must succeed on a Strength saving throw or take 5d10 bludgeoning damage. A creature can take this damage only once per round. At the end of the turn, the wall's height is reduced by 50 feet, and the damage creatures take from the spell on subsequent rounds is reduced by 1d10. When the wall reaches 0 feet in height, the spell ends. A creature caught in the wall can move by moving through the slime. The wall counts as difficult terrain. Because of the force of the wave, though, the creature must make a successful Athletics check against my spell save DC in order to move at all. If it fails the check, it can't move. A creature that moves out of the area falls to the ground.",
}

SpellsList["locate devil fruit power"] = {

	name : "Locate Devil Fruit Power",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*locate)(?=.*devil)(?=.*fruit)(?=.*power).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 214],

	classes : ["druid", "sorcerer", "warlock", "wizard"],

	level : 9,

	school : "Div",

	time : "1 h",

	range : "Self",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A ripe fruit",

	duration : "8 h",

	description : "Give a basic description of any Devil Fruit I have seen before, or a Devil Fruit name, category, or power that might reasonably exist.",

	descriptionFull : "Give a basic description of any Devil Fruit I have seen before, or a Devil Fruit name, category, or power that might reasonably exist. Once the Devil Fruit power is described or named, I sense the Devil Fruit's location. If there is no existing Devil Fruit which quite matches my description or if my requirements are too vague, the DM may randomly choose a Devil Fruit closest to my description instead. I know the exact location of the chosen Devil Fruit for the duration of the spell. I can precisely point to it on any map and know the exact routes to take to find it, unless it is located in uncharted territory, in which case I will only have a sense of the general direction it is in. If the Devil Fruit has been consumed by a creature or object, I know the exact location of that creature or object for the duration ofthe spell instead (as if using locate creature or locate object, without any of the distance limitations).",
}

SpellsList["ice age"] = {

	name : "Ice Age",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*ice)(?=.*age).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 215],

	classes : ["druid", "sorcerer", "wizard"],

	level : 9,

	school : "Evoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "1 mile",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "8 h",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I freeze over every body of water and any freezable liquid within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I freeze over every body of water and any freezable liquid within range. Any creature that is within 60 feet of youor touching at least a 5-foot cube of liquid that is being frozenby this spell within range must make a Constitution savingthrow. A creature takes 20d8 cold damage and becomesrestrained on a failed save, or takes half as much damage andisn't restrained on a successful one. A creature killed by this spell becomes a frozen statue until it thaws. Any water or liquid frozen by this spell becomes solid ice, and each 5-foot square of it has AC 12 and 20 HP, and is vulnerable to fire damage. Once the ice melts or gets destroyed, or the duration of the spell ends, the water or liquid it was made of returns to its regular state. A creature restrained by this spell must break every 5-foot block of ice it is inside of in order to become unrestrained, or succeed on a Constitution saving throw made at the end of each of its turns to slip out of the segments of ice it is trapped in and move 5 feet to an empty space.",
}

SpellsList["flame emperor"] = {

	name : "Flame Emperor",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*flame)(?=.*emperor).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 215],

	classes : ["druid", "sorcerer", "wizard"],

	level : 9,

	school : "Evoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "1,000 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A perfect ball of coal",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	save : "Dex",

	description : "I create a 20-foot radius sphere of concentrated flames center on a point I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I create a 20-foot radius sphere of concentrated flames center on a point I can see within range. The sphere is considered rough terrain. For the spell's duration, any flammable substance within 100 feet of the sphere is ignited if it isn't being worn or carried. If a creature ends its turn within the sphere, it must make a Dexterity saving throw. The creature takes 8d6 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. As a bonus action, I can move the sphere up to 60 feet in any direction up to 1,000 feet away from me. Once I hit acreature with the sphere, I can only move it up to half its remaining distance. Any creatures hit while I move the sphere this way must make the saving throw against the sphere's damage. I can detonate this sphere as a bonus action on my turn, hitting every creature within 100 feet of the sphere with the explosion. Any creature in this range must make a Dexteirty saving throw. Creatures take 20d6 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. Once I detonate the sphere this way, the spell ends.",
}

SpellsList["island shaking"] = {

	name : "Island Shaking",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*island)(?=.*shaking).*$/i,

	source : ["D&DFPHB", 215],

	classes : ["cleric", "druid", "sorcerer", "wizard"],

	level : 9,

	school : "Evoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "1 mile",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	save : "Str",

	description : "I'm able to pull apart fault lines in the earth, twisting and turning the ground beneath me in many different directions.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm able to pull apart fault lines in the earth, twisting and turning the ground beneath me in many different directions. For the duration of this spell, all terrain connected to the ground within range becomes difficult terrain. When I first cast this spell, I can choose a 100-foot radius circle I can see within range to violently thrust upward out of the ground. Each creature standing in the radius must make a Strength saving throw. On a failed save a creature takes 20d6 bludgeoning damage and is launched 100 feet into the air, or half as much and is knocked prone while holding on to the ground beneath it instead on a successful one. Additionally, any structure and object that isn't being carried or worn in contact with the ground within this radius takes 50 bludgeoning damage. I can repeat this action by spending an action once per turn on each subsequent turn to do so while the spell is active.",
}

CreatureList["waver"] = {

	name : "Waver",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 7],

	size : 3,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "Special",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 50,

	hd : [5, 10],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [10, 16, 10, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 0,

	attacks : [""],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The waver has 0 upgrade slots, costs ฿5,000,000, has a cargo capacity of 0.2 tons, and has a maximum creature capacity of 2 (1 crew member and 1 passenger)."
		}, {
			name : "Breath Dial Movement",
			description : "Move up to its speed, with one 90-degree turn. Without the breath dial, the waver's speed is 0. The large breath dial on a waver holds a charge that allows for up to 50 miles of movement before it needs to be recharged. Recharging a dial can be done by allowing the waver or dial to rest for up to 8 hours without interruption. Additionally, this dial can be replaced by another large breath dial if it is lost or broken."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["rowboat"] = {

	name : "Rowboat",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 7],

	size : 2,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 50,

	hd : [5, 10],

	speed : "15 ft",

	scores : [11, 8, 11, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 0,

	attacks : [""],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The waver has 1 upgrade slot, costs ฿500,000, has a cargo capacity of 0.25 tons, and has a maximum creature capacity of 4 (2 crew members and 2 passengers)."
		}, {
			name : "Oar-Based Movement",
			description : "Move up to its speed, with one 90-degree turn. Without the oars, the rowboat's speed is 0."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["sloop"] = {

	name : "Sloop",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 8],

	size : 0,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 100,

	hd : [10, 10],

	speed : "25 ft",

	scores : [16, 7, 13, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "3",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (120/480 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The sloop has 3 upgrade slots, costs ฿30,000,000, has a cargo capacity of 0.5 tons, has a damage threshold of 10, and has a maximum creature capacity of 7 (3 crew members and 4 passengers)."
		}, {
			name : "Sail-Based Movement",
			description : "Sails at a speed 25 ft.; 15 ft. while sailing into the wind; 35 ft. while sailing with the wind. Can make one 90 degree turn while someone is operating at the helm."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Ship Action",
			description : "On its turn, the sloop can move using its control and one movement component, and attack with its weapons. If it has half its crew or fewer, it moves at half speed and can't use its cannon."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["caravel"] = {

	name : "Caravel",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 8],

	size : 0,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 150,

	hd : [15, 10],

	speed : "35 ft",

	scores : [18, 7, 15, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "4",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (120/480 ft)",
			description : "There are two cannons on this ship",
			modifiers : [6, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The caravel has 5 upgrade slots, costs ฿50,000,000, has a cargo capacity of 10 tons, has a damage threshold of 10, and has a maximum creature capacity of 18 (8 crew members and 10 passengers)."
		}, {
			name : "Sail-Based Movement",
			description : "Sails at a speed 35 ft.; 15 ft. while sailing into the wind; 50 ft. while sailing with the wind. Can make one 90 degree turn while someone is operating at the helm."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Ship Action",
			description : "On its turn, the caravel can move using its control and one movement component, and attack with its weapons. If it has half its crew or fewer, it moves at half speed and can only use half its weapons (rounded down)."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["submarine"] = {

	name : "Submarine",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 9],

	size : 0,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "Special",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 18,

	hp : 300,

	hd : [30, 10],

	speed : "45 ft",

	scores : [16, 14, 16, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic, necrotic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "6",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (120/480 ft)",
			description : "There are four cannons on this ship",
			modifiers : [6, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The submarine has 6 upgrade slots, costs ฿600,000,000, has a cargo capacity of 1 tons, has a damage threshold of 15, and has a maximum creature capacity of 30 (20 crew members and 10 passengers)."
		}, {
			name : "Propeller-Based Movement",
			description : "Moves at it's movement speed, making one 90 degree during its movement if someone is at the helm and also has the ability to ascend or descend into deep waters. Additionally, the submarine detects all objects and creatures within 300 ft. using sonar detection and can relay the information to a screen in the helm, as if using blindsight. If the helm is destroyed, the submarine can no longer detect anything using sonar."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Ship Action",
			description : "On its turn, the submarine can move using its control and one movement component, and attack with its weapons. If it has half its crew or fewer, it moves at half speed and can only use half its weapons (rounded down)."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["cog"] = {

	name : "Cog",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 9],

	size : 0,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 250,

	hd : [25, 10],

	speed : "35 ft",

	scores : [20, 7, 16, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "5",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (120/480 ft)",
			description : "There are two cannons on this ship",
			modifiers : [6, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The cog has 6 upgrade slots, costs ฿100,000,000, has a cargo capacity of 50 tons, has a damage threshold of 15, and has a maximum creature capacity of 40 (20 crew members and 20 passengers)."
		}, {
			name : "Sail-Based Movement",
			description : "Sails at a speed of 35 ft.; 15 ft. while sailing into the wind; 50 ft. while sailing with the wind. Can also make one 90 degree turn its movement if someone is at the helm."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Ship Action",
			description : "On its turn, the cog can move using its control and one movement component, and attack with its weapons. If it has half its crew or fewer, it moves at half speed and can only use half its weapons (rounded down)."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["brig"] = {

	name : "Brig",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 10],

	size : 0,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 300,

	hd : [30, 10],

	speed : "45 ft",

	scores : [20, 7, 17, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "6",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (120/480 ft)",
			description : "There are two cannons on this ship",
			modifiers : [6, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Carronade",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (120/480 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, "", ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The brig has 7 upgrade slots, costs ฿150,000,000, has a cargo capacity of 100 tons, has a damage threshold of 15, and has a maximum creature capacity of 80 (50 crew members and 30 passengers)."
		}, {
			name : "Sail-Based Movement",
			description : "Sails at a speed of 45 ft.; 15 ft. while sailing into the wind; 60 ft. while sailing with the wind. Can also make one 90 degree turn its movement if someone is at the helm."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Ship Action",
			description : "On its turn, the brig can move using its control and one movement component, and attack with its weapons. If it has half its crew or fewer, it moves at half speed and can only use half its weapons (rounded down)."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["carrack"] = {

	name : "Carrack",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 10],

	size : 0,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 400,

	hd : [40, 10],

	speed : "25 ft",

	scores : [22, 4, 18, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (120/480 ft)",
			description : "There are two cannons on this ship",
			modifiers : [6, "", ""],
		}, {
			name : "Large Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (200/800 ft)",
			description : "Can not hit targets within 60 ft. of the cannon",
			modifiers : [5, "", ""],
			tooltip : "There are two large cannons on this ship"
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The carrack has 8 upgrade slots, costs ฿300,000,000, has a cargo capacity of 150 tons, has a damage threshold of 20, and has a maximum creature capacity of 140 (100 crew members and 40 passengers)."
		}, {
			name : "Sail-Based Movement",
			description : "Sails at a speed of 25 ft.; 15 ft. while sailing into the wind; 35 ft. while sailing with the wind. Can also make one 90 degree turn its movement if someone is at the helm."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Ship Action",
			description : "On its turn, the carrack can move using its control and one movement component, and attack with its weapons. If it has half its crew or fewer, it moves at half speed and can only use half its weapons (rounded down)."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["galleon"] = {

	name : "Galleon",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 11],

	size : 0,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 600,

	hd : [60, 10],

	speed : "35 ft",

	scores : [26, 7, 20, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "10",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (120/480 ft)",
			description : "There are six cannons on this ship",
			modifiers : [6, "", ""],
		}, {
			name : "Large Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (200/800 ft)",
			description : "Can not hit targets within 60 ft. of the cannon",
			modifiers : [5, "", ""],
			tooltip : "There are two large cannons on this ship"
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The galleon has 10 upgrade slots, costs ฿500,000,000, has a cargo capacity of 500 tons, has a damage threshold of 20, and has a maximum creature capacity of 350 (200 crew members and 150 passengers)."
		}, {
			name : "Sail-Based Movement",
			description : "Sails at a speed of 35 ft.; 15 ft. while sailing into the wind; 50 ft. while sailing with the wind. Can also make one 90 degree turn its movement if someone is at the helm."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Ship Action",
			description : "On its turn, the galleon can move using its control and one movement component, and attack with its weapons. If it has half its crew or fewer, it moves at half speed and can only use half its weapons (rounded down)."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["man-o-war"] = {

	name : "Man-o-War",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 11],

	size : 0,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 1000,

	hd : [1000, 10],

	speed : "25 ft",

	scores : [28, 4, 20, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "12",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (120/480 ft)",
			description : "There are ten cannons on this ship",
			modifiers : [6, "", ""],
		}, {
			name : "Large Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (200/800 ft)",
			description : "Can not hit targets within 60 ft. of the cannon",
			modifiers : [5, "", ""],
			tooltip : "There are four large cannons on this ship"
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The man-o-war has 11 upgrade slots, costs ฿1,000,000,000, has a cargo capacity of 1,000 tons, has a damage threshold of 20, and has a maximum creature capacity of 350 (400 crew members and 300 passengers)."
		}, {
			name : "Sail-Based Movement",
			description : "Sails at a speed of 25 ft.; 15 ft. while sailing into the wind; 35 ft. while sailing with the wind. Can also make one 90 degree turn its movement if someone is at the helm."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Ship Action",
			description : "On its turn, the man-o-war can move using its control and one movement component, and attack with its weapons. If it has half its crew or fewer, it moves at half speed and can only use half its weapons (rounded down)."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["battleship"] = {

	name : "Battleship",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 12],

	size : 0,

	type : "Vehicle",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 1000,

	hd : [1000, 10],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [28, 4, 20, 0, 0, 0],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 0,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "14",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Large Cannon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (200/800 ft)",
			description : "Can not hit targets within 60 ft. of the cannon",
			modifiers : [5, "", ""],
			tooltip : "There are fourteen large cannons on this ship"
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Special Vehicle Traits",
			description : "The battleship has 12 upgrade slots, costs ฿3,000,000,000, has a cargo capacity of 10,000 tons, has a damage threshold of 20, and has a maximum creature capacity of 1,500 (1,000 crew members and 500 passengers)."
		}, {
			name : "Sail and Paddle Wheel-Based Movement",
			description : "Sails at a speed of 25 ft.; 15 ft. while sailing into the wind; 35 ft. while sailing with the wind, with the paddle wheel moving at a speed of 35 ft. so long as it's powered by an engine. Can also make one 90 degree turn its movement if someone is at the helm."
		}, {
			name : "Seastone Bottom",
			description : "Incorporates seastone onto the bottom of the ship. This allows the ship to pass by underwater sea beasts, sea kings, and other sea creatures undetected, making it possible to cross over the calm belt."
		}, {
			name : "Huge Fuel Engine",
			description : "Counts as 50 crew members and gives power to movement components that require an engine."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Ship Action",
			description : "On its turn, the battleship can move using its control and one movement component, and attack with its weapons. If it has half its crew or fewer, it moves at half speed and can only use half its weapons (rounded down)."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["sea king wyrmling"] = {

	name : "Sea King Wyrmling",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 23],

	size : 2,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 17,

	hp : 90,

	hd : [12, 10],

	speed : "20 ft, swim 30 ft",

	scores : [17, 10, 15, 8, 10, 10],

	saves : ["", "+2", "+4", "", "+2", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	damage_resistances : "cold damage",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "Sea King; Telepathy 120 ft with others that can hear the \"voice of all things\"",

	challengeRating : "4",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 12, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Constrict",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled (escape DC 15)",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the creature is restrained, and the sea king can’t constrict another target."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The sea king can breathe air and water."
		}, {
			name : "Siege Monster",
			description : "The sea king deals double damage to objects and structures."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Tidal Cannon (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The sea king exhales a 15-foot cone crushing wave of frigid seawater. Each creature in that area must make a DC 12 Dexterity saving throw. On a failure, the target takes 2d10 bludgeoning damage and 2d10 cold damage, and is pushed 15 feet away from the sea king and knocked prone. On a successful save the creature takes half as much damage and isn’t pushed or knocked prone."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["young sea king"] = {

	name : "Young Sea King",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 23],

	size : 1,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 18,

	hp : 178,

	hd : [17, 12],

	speed : "20 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [21, 10, 19, 10, 12, 12],

	saves : ["", "+4", "+8", "", "+5", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	damage_resistances : "cold damage",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "Sea King; Telepathy 120 ft with others that can hear the \"voice of all things\"",

	challengeRating : "10",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 12, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 1d12 cold damage",
			modifiers : [9, 5, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Constrict",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled (escape DC 17)",
			modifiers : [9, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the creature is restrained, and the sea king can’t constrict another target."
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [9, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 17 Strength saving throw or be pushed up to 30 feet away from the sea king and knocked prone."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The sea king can breathe air and water."
		}, {
			name : "Siege Monster",
			description : "The sea king deals double damage to objects and structures."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Tidal Cannon (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The sea king exhales a 30-foot cone crushing wave of frigid seawater. Each creature in that area must make a DC 16 Dexterity saving throw. On a failure, the target takes 5d10 bludgeoning damage and 5d10 cold damage, and is pushed 15 feet away from the sea king and knocked prone. On a successful save the creature takes half as much damage and isn’t pushed or knocked prone."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["sea king"] = {

	name : "Sea King",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 23],

	size : 0,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 19,

	hp : 341,

	hd : [22, 20],

	speed : "20 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [25, 10, 20, 10, 12, 12],

	saves : ["", "+6", "+11", "", "+7", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	damage_resistances : "cold damage",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "Sea King; Telepathy 120 ft with others that can hear the \"voice of all things\"",

	challengeRating : "17",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 12, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 1d12 cold damage",
			modifiers : [13, 7, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Constrict",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled (escape DC 20)",
			modifiers : [13, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the creature is restrained, and the sea king can’t constrict another target."
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [13, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 20 Strength saving throw or be pushed up to 30 feet away from the sea king and knocked prone."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The sea king can breathe air and water."
		}, {
			name : "Siege Monster",
			description : "The sea king deals double damage to objects and structures."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Tidal Cannon (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The sea king exhales a 60-foot cone crushing wave of frigid seawater. Each creature in that area must make a DC 18 Dexterity saving throw. On a failure, the target takes 6d10 bludgeoning damage and 6d10 cold damage, and is pushed 15 feet away from the sea king and knocked prone. On a successful save the creature takes half as much damage and isn’t pushed or knocked prone."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["ancient sea king"] = {

	name : "Ancient Sea King",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 24],

	size : 0,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 21,

	hp : 409,

	hd : [21, 20],

	speed : "20 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [28, 12, 29, 14, 19, 15],

	saves : ["", "+8", "+16", "", "+11", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	damage_resistances : "cold and fire damage",

	passivePerception : 21,

	languages : "Sea King; Telepathy 120 ft with others that can hear the \"voice of all things\"",

	challengeRating : "24",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 12, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 1d12 cold damage",
			modifiers : [16, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "Can be used as a Legendary Action once \"Rage of the Sea\" has been used."
		}, {
			name : "Constrict",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled (escape DC 24)",
			modifiers : [16, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the creature is restrained, and the sea king can’t constrict another target."
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "Can also be used as a Legendary Action",
			modifiers : [16, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 24 Strength saving throw or be pushed up to 30 feet away from the sea king and knocked prone."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The sea king can breathe air and water."
		}, {
			name : "Siege Monster",
			description : "The sea king deals double damage to objects and structures."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (3/day)",
			description : "If the sea king fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Tidal Cannon (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The sea king exhales a 90-foot cone crushing wave of frigid seawater. Each creature in that area must make a DC 24 Dexterity saving throw. On a failure, the target takes 8d10 bludgeoning damage and 8d10 cold damage, and is pushed 15 feet away from the sea king and knocked prone. On a successful save the creature takes half as much damage and isn’t pushed or knocked prone. If done as a Legendary Action, the damage is decreased to 2d10."
		}, {
			name : "Move (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The sea king moves up to its speed. If the sea king is swimming, this movement doesn’t provoke opportunity attacks."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "If the sea king's \"Rage of the Sea\" trait has activated in the last hour, it can use the options below as Legendary Actions.\n   Roar of Storms: The sea king unleashes a magical roar. Each creature in a 60-foot-radius sphere centered on the sea king must succeed on a DC 24 Constitution saving throw or take 3d10 thunder damage and be knocked prone."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Rage of the Sea (Recharge short/long rest)",
			description : "If the sea king would bereduced to 0 HP, its current HP total instead resets to 350 HP, and it recharges its \"Tidal Cannon\". Additionally, the sea king can now use the options in the \"Mythic Actions\" section for 1 hour. Award a party an additional 62,000 XP (124,000 XP total) for defeating the sea king after its \"Rage of The Sea\" activates."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["island whale"] = {

	name : "Island Whale",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 25],

	size : 0,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 157,

	hd : [15, 12],

	speed : "0 ft, swim 60 ft",

	scores : [25, 10, 19, 3, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 120 ft",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 12, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a creature, it is grappled, escape DC 17",
			modifiers : [10, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the island eater can't bite another target."
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [10, 7, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Echolocation",
			description : "The whale can't use its blindsight while deafened."
		}, {
			name : "Siege Monster",
			description : "The island whale deals double damage to objects and structures."
		}, {
			name : "Hold Breath",
			description : "The whale can hold its breath for 30 minutes."
		}, {
			name : "Keen Hearing",
			description : "The whale has advantage on Perception checks that rely on hearing."
		}, {
			name : "Vast Stomach",
			description : "There exists a large open sea full of stomach acid in the whale's stomach which can hold a number of small islands, homes, or ships it swallows equal to its Constitution modiifer. If the capacity is reached, the whale cannot swallow anymore objects or creatures. A creature that spends more than a day in its stomach acid-infused waters falls to 0 HP and dies as a result of being digested by the whale, unless the creature remains above water."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Swallow (Recharge 6)",
			description : "If the whale has half of its movement remaining, it moves into a space that is occupied by one or more creatures. Any creature or vehicle in the area must succeed on a DC 17 Dexterity saving throw or it becomes swallowed by the whale. On a success, a target is pushed 10 feet out of the whale's space. If there is no empty space to be pushed into, the target is knocked prone in the whale's space if its a creature. If there is a fixed object with 50 HP or less in the space, it is destroyed. Otherwise, the whale is pushed out of the space into a nearby empty space it can fit into."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["royal squid"] = {

	name : "Royal Squid",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 25],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 104,

	hd : [11, 12],

	speed : "10 ft, swim 60 ft",

	scores : [24, 13, 17, 4, 10, 4],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4,
		"stealth" : 5
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "6",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 5, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Tentacle",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled, escape DC 17",
			modifiers : [8, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "Until the grapple ends, the target is restrained and has disadvantage on Strength checks and Strength saving throws, and the squid can't use the same tentacle on another target. The squid has two tentacles, each of which can grapple one target."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Water Breathing",
			description : "The squid can breathe only underwater."
		}, {
			name : "Siege Monster",
			description : "The squid deals double damage to objects and structures."
		}, {
			name : "Hold Breath",
			description : "While out of water, the squid can hold its breath for 1 hour."
		}, {
			name : "Underwater Camoflauge",
			description : "The squid has advantage on Stealth checks made while underwater."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Fling",
			description : "One Medium or smaller object held or creature grappled by the squid is thrown up to 30 feet in a random direction and knocked prone. If a thrown target strikes a solid surface, the target takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage for every 10 feet it was thrown. If the target is thrown at another creature, that creature must succeed on a DC 17 Dexterity saving throw or take the same damage and be knocked prone."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["horn shark"] = {

	name : "Horn Shark",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 26],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 126,

	hd : [11, 12],

	speed : "0 ft, swim 50 ft",

	scores : [23, 11, 21, 1, 10, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "5",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [9, 6, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Gore",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [9, 6, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Water Breathing",
			description : "The shark can breathe only underwater."
		}, {
			name : "Blood Frenzy",
			description : "The shark has advantage on melee attack rolls against any creature that doesn't have all its HP."
		}, {
			name : "Charge",
			description : "If the shark moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a target and then hits it with a gore attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 2d8 bludgeoning damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 16 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["bananawani"] = {

	name : "Bananawani",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 26],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 85,

	hd : [9, 12],

	speed : "60 ft, swim 50 ft",

	scores : [21, 12, 17, 2, 10, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"stealth" : 5
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "5",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled, escape DC 16",
			modifiers : [8, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the bananawani can't bite another target."
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 16 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Hold Breath",
			description : "The bananawani can hold its breath for 30 minutes."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["flying fish"] = {

	name : "Flying Fish",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 26],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 16,

	hd : [3, 10],

	speed : "0 ft, fly 50 ft, swim 60 ft",

	scores : [12, 15, 11, 2, 12, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Ram",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [3, 1, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Hold Breath",
			description : "While out of water, the flying fish can hold its breath for 5 minutes."
		}, {
			name : "Water Breathing",
			description : "The flying fish can breathe only underwater."
		}, {
			name : "Charge",
			description : "If the flying fish moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a target and then hits it with a ram attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 2d6 bludgeoning damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 11 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["super spot-billed duck"] = {

	name : "Super Spot-Billed Duck",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 26],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 19,

	hd : [3, 10],

	speed : "60 ft, fly 10 ft",

	scores : [18, 12, 13, 2, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bill",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The duck has advantage on an Attack roll against a creature if at least one of the duck's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["kung fu dugong"] = {

	name : "Kung Fu Dugong",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 26],

	size : 4,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Lawful Neutral",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 26,

	hd : [4, 8],

	speed : "40 ft, swim 30 ft",

	scores : [18, 12, 13, 2, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 5,
		"stealth" : 5
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Unarmed Strike",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Shell Shuriken",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 4, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (20/60 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The dugong has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the dugong's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["little fighting fish"] = {

	name : "Little Fighting Fish",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 27],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 45,

	hd : [6, 10],

	speed : "0 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [21, 13, 15, 2, 12, 6],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [7, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Gore",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [7, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Swimming Leap",
			description : "The fighting fish's long jump is up to 30 ft. and its high jump is up to 15 ft., without needing a running start."
		}, {
			name : "Water Breathing",
			description : "The fighting fish can breathe only underwater."
		}, {
			name : "Charge",
			description : "If the fighting fish moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a target and then hits it with a gore attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 2d8 bludgeoning damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 15 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}, {
			name : "Blood Frenzy",
			description : "The fighting fish has advantage on melee attack rolls against any creature that doesn't have all its hit points."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["fighting fish"] = {

	name : "Fighting Fish",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 27],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 94,

	hd : [9, 10],

	speed : "0 ft, swim 50 ft",

	scores : [23, 13, 21, 2, 12, 6],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "5",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [9, 6, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Gore",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [9, 6, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Swimming Leap",
			description : "The fighting fish's long jump is up to 30 ft. and its high jump is up to 15 ft., without needing a running start."
		}, {
			name : "Water Breathing",
			description : "The fighting fish can breathe only underwater."
		}, {
			name : "Charge",
			description : "If the fighting fish moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a target and then hits it with a gore attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 2d8 bludgeoning damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 15 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}, {
			name : "Blood Frenzy",
			description : "The fighting fish has advantage on melee attack rolls against any creature that doesn't have all its hit points."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Deadly Leap",
			description : "If the fighting fish jumps at least 15 ft. as part of its movement, it can then use this action to land on its feet in a space that contains one or more othercreatures. Each of those creatures must succeed on a DC 17 Strength or Dexterity saving throw (target's choice) or be knocked prone and take 3d6 + 4 bludgeoning damage plus 3d6 + 4 piercing damage. On a successful save, the creature takes only half the damage, isn't knocked prone, and is pushed 5 ft. out of the fighting fish's space into an unoccupied space of the creature's choice. If no unoccupied space is within range, the creature instead falls prone in the fighting fish's space."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["yagara bull"] = {

	name : "Yagara Bull",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 27],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 19,

	hd : [3, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [18, 12, 13, 2, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Ram",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The yagara bull can breathe air and water."
		}, {
			name : "Charge",
			description : "If the yagara bull moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a target and then hits it with a ram attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 2d6 bludgeoning damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["king bull"] = {

	name : "King Bull",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 27],

	size : 0,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 121,

	hd : [9, 20],

	speed : "10 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [21, 12, 17, 2, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "+6", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "5",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [6, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The king bull can breathe air and water."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["yuda"] = {

	name : "Yuda",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 28],

	size : 0,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 19,

	hp : 247,

	hd : [15, 20],

	speed : "30 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [28, 9, 22, 1, 12, 3],

	saves : ["", "+6", "+11", "", "+7", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 30 ft, darkvision 120 ft",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "15",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 12d6 posion damage",
			modifiers : [14, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 19 Constitution saving throw, taking the poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [14, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 19 Strength saving throw or be pushed up to 30 feet away from the yuda and knocked prone."
		}, {
			name : "Constrict",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled (escape DC 19)",
			modifiers : [14, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the creature is restrained, and yuda can't constrict another target. While the creature is restrained this way, it takes 6d6 bludgeoning damage at the start of each of the yuda's turns."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The yuda can breathe air and water."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["island eater"] = {

	name : "Island Eater",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 28],

	size : 0,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "Titan",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 25,

	hp : 676,

	hd : [33, 20],

	speed : "0 ft, swim 60 ft",

	scores : [30, 11, 30, 3, 11, 11],

	saves : ["", "", "", "+5", "+9", "+9"],

	senses : "Blindsight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "fire, poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks",

	damage_resistances : "cold damage",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, fightened, paralyzed, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "30",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 5,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 12, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a creature, it is grappled, escape DC 20.",
			modifiers : [19, 10, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the island eater can't bite another target. Can also be used as a Legendary Action."
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "Can also be used as a Legendary Action",
			modifiers : [19, 10, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 20 Strength saving throw or be pushed 30 feet away from the island eater."
		}, {
			name : "Slam",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled (escape DC 19)",
			modifiers : [19, 10, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 20 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Water Breathing",
			description : "The island eater can breathe only underwater."
		}, {
			name : "Siege Monster",
			description : "The island eater deals double damage to objects and structures."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (3/day)",
			description : "If the island eater fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Resistance",
			description : "The island eater has advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects."
		}, {
			name : "Annihilating Stomach",
			description : "Any creature reduced to 0 hit points while within the island eater's stomach is fully digested and dies, with said creature not being able to be revived by any means short of a wish spell."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Frightful Presence",
			description : "Each creature of the island eater's choice within 120 feet of it and aware of it must succeed on a DC 17 Wisdom saving throw or become frightened for 1 minute. A creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, with disadvantage if the island eater is within line of sight, ending the effect on itself on a success. If a creature's saving throw is successful or the effect ends for it, the creature is immune to the island eater's Frightful Presence for the next 24 hours."
		}, {
			name : "Swallow",
			description : "The island eater makes one bite attack against a Large or smaller creature it is grappling. If the attack hits, the target takes the bite's damage, the target is swallowed, and the grapple ends. While swallowed, the creature is blinded and restrained, it has total cover against attacks and other effects outside the island eater, and it takes 16d6 acid damage at the start of each of the island eater's turns. If the island eater takes 60 damage or more on a single turn from a creature inside it, the island eater must succeed on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw at the end of that turn or regurgitate all swallowed creatures and objects, which fall prone in a space within 10 feet of the island eater. If the island eater dies, a swallowed creature is no longer restrained by it and can escape from the corpse by using 30 feet of movement, exiting prone. Can also be used as a Legendary Action."
		}, {
			name : "Move (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The island eater moves up to half its speed without provoking an opportunity attack."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Reflective Scales",
			description : "Any time the island eater is targeted by a magic missile spell, aline spell, or a spell that requires a ranged attack roll, roll a d6. On a 1 to 5, theisland eater is unaffected. On a 6, the island eater is unaffected, and the effect isreflected back at the caster as though it originated from the island eater, turningthe caster into the target."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["giant aquatic centipede"] = {

	name : "Giant Aquatic Centipede",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 28],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 157,

	hd : [15, 12],

	speed : "30 ft, swim 30 ft",

	scores : [24, 14, 18, 1, 10, 3],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 30 ft",

	damage_resistances : "cold damage",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "7",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 7d6 posion damage",
			modifiers : [10, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 16 Constitution saving throw, taking the poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}, {
			name : "Constrict",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled (escape DC 17)",
			modifiers : [10, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the creature is restrained, and the centipede can't constrict another target."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The centipede can breathe air and water."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["naitamie-norida elephant"] = {

	name : "Naitamie-Norida Elephant",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 29],

	size : 0,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "Island",

	alignment : "Lawful Good",

	ac : 22,

	hp : 533,

	hd : [26, 20],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [30, 14, 30, 19, 20, 15],

	saves : ["", "", "+18", "", "+13", "+10"],

	skills : {
		"intimidation" : 10,
		"perception" : 21
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 120 ft, tremorsense 60 ft",

	condition_immunities : "exhaustion, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, stunned",

	passivePerception : 31,

	languages : "Telepathy 120 ft with others that can hear the \"voice of all things\"",

	challengeRating : "27",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Gore",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "Can also be done as a Legendary Action",
			modifiers : [16, 10, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Trunk",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "Can be done as a Legendary Action once \"Ancient Wrath\" is used",
			modifiers : [16, 10, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 26 Strength saving throw or be pushed 30 feet away from the elephant and knocked prone."
		}, {
			name : "Stomp",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [16, 10, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Long Legs",
			description : "The Naitamie-Norida Elephant can walk through bodies of water normally using its walking speed, as its legs will extend to the sea floor."
		}, {
			name : "Trampling Charge",
			description : "If the Naitamie-Norida Elephant moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a creature and then hits it with a gore attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 26 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the elephant can make one stomp attack against it as a bonus action."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (4/day)",
			description : "If the Naitamie-Norida Elephant fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Trunk Slam (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The elephant winds up and slams its trunk downward with all its strength in a 120-foot line that is 10 feet wide, striking everything beneath it. Each creature in that line must make a DC 26 Dexterity saving throw, taking 12d12 bludgeoning damage and is knocked prone on a failed save, or taking half as much damage and isn't knocked prone on a successful one."
		}, {
			name : "Water Pump (Recharge short/long rest)",
			description : "The elephant pumps water from its trunk into an area within 120 feet of it. It covers a square mile of area with rushing seawater that fills any cracks or recesses. A creature that starts its turn in the moving water must make a DC 20 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone and be pushed up to 30 feet in the direction the water is moving. The moving water settles after 1 minute."
		}, {
			name : "Move (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The elephant moves up to half its speed."
		}, {
			name : "Thrash (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The elephant thrashes violently, shaking every creature on it or nearby. Any creature currently on the elephant or standing within 120 feet of it must succeed on a DC 26 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "If the Naitamie-Norida Elephant's \"Ancient Wrath\" trait has activated in the last hour, it can use the options below as legendary actions:\n   Deafening Roar: The elephant unleashes a deafening roar. Each creature in a 60-foot-radius sphere centered on the sea king must succeed on a DC 26 Constitution saving throw or take 3d12 thunder damage and be deafened until the end of its next turn."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Ancient Wrath (Recharge short/long rest)",
			description : "If the Naitamie-Norida Elephant would be reduced to 0 hit points, its current hit point total instead resets to 425 hit points, and it recharges its Trunk Slam, and it regains any expended uses of Legendary Resistance. Additionally, the elephant can now use the options in the \"Mythic Actions\" section for 1 hour. Award a party an additional 105,000 XP (210,000 XP total) for defeating the elephant after its Ancient Wrath activates."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["adult bananawani"] = {

	name : "Adult Bananawani",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 30],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 136,

	hd : [13, 12],

	speed : "30 ft, swim 50 ft",

	scores : [25, 10, 19, 2, 12, 9],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4,
		"stealth" : 6
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a Medium or smaller creature, it is grappled, escape DC 17.",
			modifiers : [10, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the bananawani can't bite another target."
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 17 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone",
			modifiers : [10, 7, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Hold Breath",
			description : "The bananawani can hold its breath for 30 minutes."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["south bird"] = {

	name : "South Bird",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 30],

	size : 4,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 9,

	hd : [2, 6],

	speed : "10 ft, fly 60 ft",

	scores : [6, 14, 12, 3, 14, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4,
		"stealth" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Beak",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 4, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Sight",
			description : "The south bird has advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight."
		}, {
			name : "South Pointing",
			description : "The south bird's head always points south."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Other Direction Pointing",
			description : "The south bird may be born pointing its head in a different direction than others. In this case, it might be called a \"North Bird\", \"East Bird\", or \"West Bird\" instead depending on the direction it points."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Variant: Summon Insects (1/day)",
			description : "A swarm of insects appear in an unoccupied space within 60 feet of the south bird and act as its ally. It remains for 1 minute, or until the south bird dies, or until the south bird dismisses it as an action."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["cloud fox"] = {

	name : "Cloud Fox",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 30],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 2,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "40 ft, burrow 30 ft",

	scores : [3, 15, 10, 3, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3,
		"stealth" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : ["", "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Smell",
			description : "The cloud fox has advantage on Perception checks that rely on smell."
		}, {
			name : "Cloud Tunneler",
			description : "The fox can Burrow through cloud at half its Burrow speed and leaves a 2-foot-diameter tunnel in its wake."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["three-length bird"] = {

	name : "Three-Length Bird",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 30],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral Evil",

	ac : 10,

	hp : 19,

	hd : [3, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, fly 60 ft",

	scores : [15, 10, 13, 6, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "Understands Common, but cannot speak it",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Beak",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 4, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Talons",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Sight and Smell",
			description : "The three-length bird has advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight or smell."
		}, {
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The three-length bird has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the three-length bird's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Variant: Flame Dial Breath (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The three-length bird exhales fire from a flame dial in its mouth in a 20-foot line that is 5 feet wide. Each creature in that line must make a DC 11 Dexterity saving throw, taking 4d6 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["octopus balloon"] = {

	name : "Octopus Balloon",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 31],

	size : 4,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 3,

	hd : [1, 6],

	speed : "5 ft, swim 30 ft",

	scores : [4, 15, 11, 3, 10, 4],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 2,
		"stealth" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Tentacles",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled, escape DC 10",
			modifiers : [4, "", ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the octopus can't use its tentacles on another target."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Hold Breath",
			description : "While out of water or a sea cloud, the octopus can hold its breath for 30 minutes."
		}, {
			name : "Underwater Breathing",
			description : "The octopus can breathe only underwater or in sea clouds."
		}, {
			name : "Underwater Camoflauge",
			description : "The three-length bird has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the three-length bird's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Inflate",
			description : "The octopus inflates to become gargantuan in size, slowing the fall of anything it is attached or grappled to. The rate of descent slows to 60 feet per round until the octopus runs out of breath. If the creature or object lands before the octopus deflates or lets go, it takes no falling damage and can land on its feet."
		}, {
			name : "Ink Cloud (Recharge short/long rest)",
			description : "A 5-foot-radius cloud of ink extends all around the octopus. The area is heavily obscured for 1 minute, although a significant current or wind can disperse the ink. After releasing the ink, the octopus can use the Dash action as a bonus action."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["sky fish"] = {

	name : "Sky Fish",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 31],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 1,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "0 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [2, 16, 9, 1, 7, 2],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"stealth" : 5
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 8,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Cloud Breathing",
			description : "The sky fish can breathe only in sea clouds."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["swarm of sky fish"] = {

	name : "Swarm of Sky Fish",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 31],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "Swarm of Tiny beasts",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 24,

	hd : [7, 8],

	speed : "0 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [2, 16, 9, 1, 7, 2],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"stealth" : 5
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 8,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/4",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bites",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals 1d6 piercing damage if the swarm has half its HP",
			modifiers : [5, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Cloud Breathing",
			description : "The sky fish can breathe only in sea clouds."
		}, {
			name : "Swarm",
			description : "The swarm can occupy another creature's space and vice versa, and the swarm can move through any opening large enough for a Tiny sky fish. The swarm can't regain hit points or gain temporary hit points."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["sky shark"] = {

	name : "Sky Shark",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 31],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 126,

	hd : [11, 12],

	speed : "0 ft, swim 50 ft",

	scores : [23, 11, 21, 1, 10, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "5",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [9, 6, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Cloud Breathing",
			description : "The sky shark can breathe only in sea clouds."
		}, {
			name : "Blood Frenzy",
			description : "The sky shark has advantage on melee attack rolls against any creature that doesn't have all its hit points."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["sky lamprey"] = {

	name : "Sky Lamprey",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 32],

	size : 0,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 16,

	hp : 188,

	hd : [13, 20],

	speed : "50 ft, burrow 30 ft, swim 50 ft",

	scores : [25, 7, 19, 1, 8, 4],

	saves : ["", "", "+7", "", "+2", ""],

	senses : "Blindsight 30 ft, tremorsense 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a Large or smaller creature, it must succeed on a DC 16 Dexterity saving throw or be swallowed by the lamprey",
			modifiers : [10, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "A swallowed creature is blinded and restrained, it has total cover against attacks and other effects outside the lamprey, and it takes 6d6 acid damage at the start of each of the lamprey's turns. If the lamprey takes 30 damage or more on a single turn from a creature inside it, the lamprey must succeed on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw at the end of that turn or regurgitate all swallowed creatures, which fall prone in a space within 10 feet of the lamprey. If the lamprey dies, a swallowed creature is no longer restrained by it and can escape from the corpse by using 20 feet of movement, exiting prone."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Cloud Tunneler",
			description : "The sky lamprey can burrow through solid rock at half its burrow speed and leaves a 10-foot-diameter tunnel in its wake."
		}, {
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The sky lamprey can breathe air and in sea clouds."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["sky dot fish"] = {

	name : "Sky Dot Fish",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 32],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 26,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, fly 80 ft",

	scores : [16, 17, 13, 8, 14, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "Understands Common, but cannot speak it",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Beak",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Talons",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Sight",
			description : "The sky dot bird has advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["sayin goabird"] = {

	name : "Sayin Goabird",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 32],

	size : 0,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 248,

	hd : [16, 20],

	speed : "20 ft, fly 120 ft",

	scores : [16, 17, 13, 8, 14, 10],

	saves : ["", "+4", "+9", "", "+4", "+3"],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "11",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Beak",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [13, 9, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Talons",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled, escape DC 19",
			modifiers : [13, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the goabird can't use its talons on another target."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Sight",
			description : "The goabird has advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["sayin goabird chick"] = {

	name : "Sayin Goabird Chick",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 32],

	size : 3,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 22,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, fly 10 ft",

	scores : [15, 16, 11, 2, 12, 4],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/4",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Beak",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Sight",
			description : "The chick has advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["lapahn"] = {

	name : "Lapahn",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 33],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Lawful Evil",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 19,

	hd : [3, 8],

	speed : "40 ft, climb 30 ft",

	scores : [15, 10, 14, 2, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Claws",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 4, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Smell",
			description : "The lapahn has advantage on Perception checks that rely on smell."
		}, {
			name : "Standing Leap",
			description : "The lapahn's long jump is up to 20 ft. and its high jump is up to 10 ft., with or without a running start."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["giant god snake"] = {

	name : "Giant God Snake",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 33],

	size : 0,

	type : "Monstrosity",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 18,

	hp : 247,

	hd : [15, 20],

	speed : "50 ft, swim 30 ft",

	scores : [28, 14, 22, 1, 10, 3],

	saves : ["", "", "+11", "", "+4", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 2,
		"stealth" : 4
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 30 ft",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "15",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a Large or smaller creature, it must succeed on a DC 19 Dexterity saving throw or be swallowed by the snake",
			modifiers : [14, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "A swallowed creatureis blinded and restrained, it has total cover against attacks and other effects outside the snake, and it takes 6d6 acid damage at the start of each of the snake's turns. If the snake takes 30 damage or more on a single turn from a creature inside it, the snake must succeed on a DC 21 Constitution saving throw at the end of that turn or regurgitate all swallowed creatures, which fall prone in a space within 10 feet of the snake. If the snake dies, a swallowed creature is no longer restrained by it and can escape from the corpse by using 20 feet of movement, exiting prone."
		}, {
			name : "Constrict",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled, escape DC 19",
			modifiers : [14, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the creature is restrained, and the snake can't constrict another target. A grappled creature takes 6d6 bludgeoning damage at the start of each of its turns."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Forest Camouflage",
			description : "The snake has advantage on Stealth checks in forests or jungles."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["snake weapon"] = {

	name : "Snake Weapon",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 33],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 2,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "30 ft, swim 30 ft",

	scores : [2, 16, 11, 1, 10, 3],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Blindsight 10 ft",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 2d4 poison damage",
			modifiers : [5, "", ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 10 Constitution saving throw, taking the poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Weapon Form",
			description : "Being trained to be used as a bow, a snake weapon can use its action to transformform into a functional bow or quarterstaff that can be used by any creature that has proficiency with using the chosen weapon. It reverts back to its regular snake form when it falls to 0 hit points or spends a bonus action to do so."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["blue gorilla"] = {

	name : "Blue Gorilla",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 33],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 95,

	hd : [10, 8],

	speed : "30 ft, swim 30 ft",

	scores : [18, 13, 20, 9, 9, 9],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 2,
		"intimidation" : 2
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	damage_resistances : "cold and fire damage",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "5",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Greataxe",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 12, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [7, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The blue gorilla has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the blue gorilla's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Aggressive",
			description : "As a bonus action, the blue gorilla can move up to its speed toward a hostile creature that it can see."
		}, {
			name : "Unbridled Fury",
			description : "In response to being hit by a melee attack, the blue gorilla can make one melee attack with advantage against the attacker."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["komadane"] = {

	name : "Komadane",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 34],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 22,

	hd : [3, 10],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [18, 14, 15, 2, 12, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The komadane has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the komadane's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}, {
			name : "Keen Hearing and Smell",
			description : "The komadane has advantage on Perception checks that rely on hearing or smell."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["komainu"] = {

	name : "Komainu",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 34],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 119,

	hd : [14, 10],

	speed : "50 ft",

	scores : [19, 15, 17, 6, 12, 12],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 7,
		"stealth" : 6
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 17,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "6",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [7, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [7, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The komainu has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the komainu's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}, {
			name : "Keen Smell",
			description : "The komadane has advantage on Perception checks that rely on smell."
		}, {
			name : "Pounce",
			description : "If the komainu moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a creature and then hits it with a claw attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the komainu can make one bite attack against it as a bonus action."
		}, {
			name : "Running Leap",
			description : "With a 10-foot running start, the komainu can long jump up to 25 ft."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["komashaka"] = {

	name : "Komashaka",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 34],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 22,

	hd : [3, 10],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [18, 13, 15, 2, 10, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Ram",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Hooves",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 4, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Trampling Charge",
			description : "If the komashika moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a target and then hits it with a ram attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the komashika can make an attack with its hooves against it as a bonus action."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["komatori"] = {

	name : "Komatori",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 34],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 19,

	hd : [3, 10],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [17, 12, 13, 2, 10, 7],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Beak",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Talons",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 4, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Trampling Charge",
			description : "If the komatori moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a target and then hits it with a beak attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the komatori can make an attack with its talons against it as a bonus action."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["standard den den mushi"] = {

	name : "Standard Den Den Mushi",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 35],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 2,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "5 ft, climb 5 ft",

	scores : [2, 5, 11, 4, 10, 8],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "Any languages it can hear; Global telepathy with other willing Den Den Mushi devices",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : ["", "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Customizable",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi can be modified and decorated to resemble its owner using special accessories. It can otherwise be altered by its owner in any way they see fit, so long as it doesn't damage or harm the snail in any significant way .When purchasing a Den Den Mushi from a store, it is possible to bundle in such accessories along with the original price of the Den Den Mushi."
		}, {
			name : "Communication Tool",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi serves as a natural communication device that can be used to contact other Den Den Mushi owners or perform a variety of advanced functions that would normally be designated to electroni cdevices, such as cameras, telephones, cell phones, projectors, etc. The Standard Den Den Mushi is used as a real world telephone. It has a dial, receiver, and other parts that allow for it to telepathically communicate with other Standard Den Den Mushi phone devices. To contact another Den Den Mushi user using one's own Den Den Mushi, one must touch the Den Den Mushi and spend an action to dial the target creature's Den Den Mushi number into the dialer implanted into the Den Den Mushi's shell. The Den Den Mushi user receiving a call will have to pick up the receiver using an action after hearing it ring in order to connect a telepathic line between both Den Den Mushi devices. With the ability to perfectly emulate the speech and facial expressions of the creature on the otherline, it serves as a representation of the individual a user is calling as they look and speak into it, and vice versa with the user as well. A creature must remain within 5 feet of the Den Den Mushi at all times to be able to communicate through it. To end the communication line, one of the call participants must spend a bonus action to \"hang up\" the Den Den Mushi."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Baby Den Den Mushi",
			description : "A younger Den Den Mushi is much smaller than an adult Den Den Mushi, and can be concealed much more easily. It will still function the same as a regular Den Den Mushi, except its telepathy range is only 10 miles."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shell Defense",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi withdraws into its shell, gaining a +4 bonus to AC until it emerges and cannot use its \"Communication Tool\" trait or Bite. It can emerge from its shell as a bonus action on its turn."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["black den den mushi"] = {

	name : "Black Den Den Mushi",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 35],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 2,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "5 ft, climb 5 ft",

	scores : [2, 15, 11, 4, 10, 8],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"stealth" : 4
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "Any languages it can hear; Global telepathy with other Den Den Mushi devices it can intercept",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : ["", "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Customizable",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi can be modified and decorated to resemble its owner using special accessories. It can otherwise be altered by its owner in any way they see fit, so long as it doesn't damage or harm the snail in any significant way .When purchasing a Den Den Mushi from a store, it is possible to bundle in such accessories along with the original price of the Den Den Mushi."
		}, {
			name : "Communication Tool",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi serves as a natural communication device that can be used to contact other Den Den Mushi owners or perform a variety of advanced functions that would normally be designated to electroni cdevices, such as cameras, telephones, cell phones, projectors, etc. The Black Den Den Mushi is capable of eavesdropping into the telepathic communication line between other Den Den Mushi devices undetected. To do so, the Black Den Den Mushi's user must touch the Black Den Den Mushi and spend an action to intercept a call in between two Den Den Mushi users it knows and the Black Den Den Mushi must make a Stealth check against the target Den Den Mushis' passive Perception. If this check succeeds, the line is successfully intercepted, and the Black Den Den Mushi can relay and save any portion of the call for its user to hear. The Black Den Den Mushi can intercept a call for up to 10 minutes, until the call ends, or until its user ends the interception as a bonus action. Once this feature is used, the Black Den Den Mushi cannot be used for 1 hour."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shell Defense",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi withdraws into its shell, gaining a +4 bonus to AC until it emerges and cannot use its \"Communication Tool\" trait or Bite. It can emerge from its shell as a bonus action on its turn."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["white den den mushi"] = {

	name : "White Den Den Mushi",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 36],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 2,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "5 ft, climb 5 ft",

	scores : [2, 5, 11, 4, 15, 8],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 10
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 20,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : ["", "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Customizable",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi can be modified and decorated to resemble its owner using special accessories. It can otherwise be altered by its owner in any way they see fit, so long as it doesn't damage or harm the snail in any significant way .When purchasing a Den Den Mushi from a store, it is possible to bundle in such accessories along with the original price of the Den Den Mushi."
		}, {
			name : "Communication Tool",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi serves as a natural communication device that can be used to contact other Den Den Mushi owners or perform a variety of advanced functions that would normally be designated to electroni cdevices, such as cameras, telephones, cell phones, projectors, etc. The White Den Den Mushi is used to neutralize Black Den Den Mushi eavesdropping. A White Den Den Mushi can be attached or unattached to any Den Den Mushi by its user as an action. While attached to a Den Den Mushi this way, when a Black Den Den Mushi is attempting to intercept that Den Den Mushi's telepathic communication line, it must beat the White Den Den Mushi's passive perception instead of the Den Den Mushi it is attached to in order to succeed."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shell Defense",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi withdraws into its shell, gaining a +4 bonus to AC until it emerges and cannot use its \"Communication Tool\" trait or Bite. It can emerge from its shell as a bonus action on its turn."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["horned den den mushi"] = {

	name : "Horned Den Den Mushi",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 36],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 2,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "5 ft, climb 5 ft",

	scores : [2, 5, 11, 4, 10, 8],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : ["", "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Customizable",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi can be modified and decorated to resemble its owner using special accessories. It can otherwise be altered by its owner in any way they see fit, so long as it doesn't damage or harm the snail in any significant way .When purchasing a Den Den Mushi from a store, it is possible to bundle in such accessories along with the original price of the Den Den Mushi."
		}, {
			name : "Communication Tool",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi serves as a natural communication device that can be used to contact other Den Den Mushi owners or perform a variety of advanced functions that would normally be designated to electroni cdevices, such as cameras, telephones, cell phones, projectors, etc. The Horned Den Den Mushi can be used to jam telepathic transmissions from other Den Den Mushi devices in the area. To do so, its user must touch the Horned Den Den Mushi and use an action to either activate or deactivate this jamming effect. While this effect is active, any other Den Den Mushi within 1 mile of the Horned Den Den Mushi cannot use their telepathy to contact or communicatewith other Den Den Mushi devices."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shell Defense",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi withdraws into its shell, gaining a +4 bonus to AC until it emerges and cannot use its \"Communication Tool\" trait or Bite. It can emerge from its shell as a bonus action on its turn."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["cameko den den mushi"] = {

	name : "Camkeo Den Den Mushi",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 36],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 2,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "5 ft, climb 5 ft",

	scores : [2, 5, 11, 4, 15, 8],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "Any languages it can hear; Global telepathy with willing Proko Den Den Mushi devices",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : ["", "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Customizable",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi can be modified and decorated to resemble its owner using special accessories. It can otherwise be altered by its owner in any way they see fit, so long as it doesn't damage or harm the snail in any significant way .When purchasing a Den Den Mushi from a store, it is possible to bundle in such accessories along with the original price of the Den Den Mushi."
		}, {
			name : "Communication Tool",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi serves as a natural communication device that can be used to contact other Den Den Mushi owners or perform a variety of advanced functions that would normally be designated to electroni cdevices, such as cameras, telephones, cell phones, projectors, etc. The Cameko Den Den Mushi can use its sight to capture images and videos and store them. To do so, its user much touch the Cameko Den Den Mushi and spend an action to capture or record a picture or video of anything the Cameko Den Den Mushi can see for the duration. A Cameko Den Den Mushi can store this information and send it to a willing Proko Den Den Mushi device to project and play the visual information."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shell Defense",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi withdraws into its shell, gaining a +4 bonus to AC until it emerges and cannot use its \"Communication Tool\" trait or Bite. It can emerge from its shell as a bonus action on its turn."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["proko den den mushi"] = {

	name : "Proko Den Den Mushi",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 36],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 16,

	hp : 52,

	hd : [5, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, climb 10 ft",

	scores : [2, 5, 20, 4, 15, 8],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "Any languages it can hear; Global telepathy with willing Cameko Den Den Mushi devices",

	challengeRating : "1/4",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : ["", "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Customizable",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi can be modified and decorated to resemble its owner using special accessories. It can otherwise be altered by its owner in any way they see fit, so long as it doesn't damage or harm the snail in any significant way .When purchasing a Den Den Mushi from a store, it is possible to bundle in such accessories along with the original price of the Den Den Mushi."
		}, {
			name : "Communication Tool",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi serves as a natural communication device that can be used to contact other Den Den Mushi owners or perform a variety of advanced functions that would normally be designated to electroni cdevices, such as cameras, telephones, cell phones, projectors, etc. The Proko Den Den Mushi can use its eyes to project and broadcast visual information sent telepathically to it by Cameko Den Den Mushi onto a screen up to 192 feet wide and 108 feet high."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shell Defense",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi withdraws into its shell, gaining a +4 bonus to AC until it emerges and cannot use its \"Communication Tool\" trait or Bite. It can emerge from its shell as a bonus action on its turn."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["projector den den mushi"] = {

	name : "Projector Den Den Mushi",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 37],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 2,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "5 ft, climb 5 ft",

	scores : [2, 5, 11, 4, 15, 8],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : ["", "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Customizable",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi can be modified and decorated to resemble its owner using special accessories. It can otherwise be altered by its owner in any way they see fit, so long as it doesn't damage or harm the snail in any significant way .When purchasing a Den Den Mushi from a store, it is possible to bundle in such accessories along with the original price of the Den Den Mushi."
		}, {
			name : "Communication Tool",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi serves as a natural communication device that can be used to contact other Den Den Mushi owners or perform a variety of advanced functions that would normally be designated to electroni cdevices, such as cameras, telephones, cell phones, projectors, etc. The Projector Den Den Mushi can use its sight to view images with one eye and project them onto a larger screen with the other eye. To do so, its user much touch the Projector Den Den Mushi and spend an action to capture a picture of anything the Projector Den Den Mushi can see for the duration. It can then project this visual information onto a screen up to 192 feet wide and 108 feet high."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shell Defense",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi withdraws into its shell, gaining a +4 bonus to AC until it emerges and cannot use its \"Communication Tool\" trait or Bite. It can emerge from its shell as a bonus action on its turn."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["golden den den mushi"] = {

	name : "Golden Den Den Mushi",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 37],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 18,

	hp : 2,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "0 ft",

	scores : [2, 5, 11, 4, 10, 8],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "Any languages it can hear; Global telepathy with willing Silver Den Den Mushi devices",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : ["", "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Customizable",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi can be modified and decorated to resemble its owner using special accessories. It can otherwise be altered by its owner in any way they see fit, so long as it doesn't damage or harm the snail in any significant way .When purchasing a Den Den Mushi from a store, it is possible to bundle in such accessories along with the original price of the Den Den Mushi."
		}, {
			name : "Communication Tool",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi serves as a natural communication device that can be used to contact other Den Den Mushi owners or perform a variety of advanced functions that would normally be designated to electroni cdevices, such as cameras, telephones, cell phones, projectors, etc. The Golden Den Den Mushi is an incredibly rare breed that is only able to send a single signal to a Silver Den Den Mushi. In order to send this signal, the user of the Golden Den Den Mushi must touch a button on the shell of the Golden Den Den Mushi as an action, and it will send an activation signal and its current coordinates to a Silver Den Den Mushi."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shell Defense",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi withdraws into its shell, gaining a +4 bonus to AC until it emerges and cannot use its \"Communication Tool\" trait or Bite. It can emerge from its shell as a bonus action on its turn."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["silver den den mushi"] = {

	name : "Silver Den Den Mushi",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 37],

	size : 5,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 2,

	hd : [1, 4],

	speed : "5 ft, climb 5 ft",

	scores : [2, 5, 11, 4, 10, 8],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "Any languages it can hear; Global telepathy with willing Golden Den Den Mushi devices",

	challengeRating : "0",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 1, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : ["", "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Customizable",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi can be modified and decorated to resemble its owner using special accessories. It can otherwise be altered by its owner in any way they see fit, so long as it doesn't damage or harm the snail in any significant way .When purchasing a Den Den Mushi from a store, it is possible to bundle in such accessories along with the original price of the Den Den Mushi."
		}, {
			name : "Communication Tool",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi serves as a natural communication device that can be used to contact other Den Den Mushi owners or perform a variety of advanced functions that would normally be designated to electroni cdevices, such as cameras, telephones, cell phones, projectors, etc. The Silver Den Den Mushi is a rare breed is used for the sole purpose of activating an alarm when it receives a signal from a Golden Den Den Mushi. When it receives such a signal, it will generate a loud alarm sound that can be heard from up to 100 feet away."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shell Defense",
			description : "The Den Den Mushi withdraws into its shell, gaining a +4 bonus to AC until it emerges and cannot use its \"Communication Tool\" trait or Bite. It can emerge from its shell as a bonus action on its turn."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["marine recruit"] = {

	name : "Marine Recruit",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 38],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Lawful Good",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 11,

	hd : [2, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [13, 12, 12, 10, 11, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 3,
		"perception" : 2
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "1/8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cutlass",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [3, 1, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Musket",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (80/320 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [3, 1, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Marine Formation",
			description : "The Marine Recruit receives a +2 bonus to AC if one or more of its allies are within 5 ft. of it and aren't incapacitated."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["marine lieutenant"] = {

	name : "Marine Lieutenant",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 38],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Lawful Good",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 32,

	hd : [5, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [12, 15, 14, 10, 11, 12],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 3,
		"intimidation" : 3,
		"perception" : 2
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Shortsword",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Bazooka",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "fire"],
			range : "Ranged (60/300 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, "", ""],
			tooltip : "There is a 10% chance that the ammunition fired won't explode on contact. When this happens, the damage type is bludgeoning instead of fire."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Marine Formation",
			description : "The Marine Lieutenant receives a +2 bonus to AC if one or more of its allies are within 5 ft. of it and aren't incapacitated."
		}, {
			name : "Shorter Loading",
			description : "The Marine Lieutenant only needs to spend a bonus action to fully reload Bazookas or Machine Guns. They must still use the loading properties."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["marine captain"] = {

	name : "Marine Captain",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 38],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Lawful Good",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 65,

	hd : [10, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [17, 14, 14, 11, 12, 12],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 5,
		"intimidation" : 3,
		"perception" : 3,
		"survival" : 3
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "3",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Morningstar",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Pistol",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (30/120 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Marine Formation",
			description : "The Marine Captain receives a +2 bonus to AC if one or more of its allies are within 5 ft. of it and aren't incapacitated."
		}, {
			name : "Brute",
			description : "A melee weapon deals one extra die of its damage when the Marine Captain hits with it (included in the attack)."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Six Powers)",
			description : "The Marine Captain's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom. It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   3/day each: blur, barkskin (self), jump (self), misty step"
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["marine vice admiral"] = {

	name : "Marine Vice Admiral",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 38],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Lawful Good",

	ac : 17,

	hp : 150,

	hd : [20, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [14, 21, 16, 12, 14, 18],

	saves : ["", "+9", "+7", "", "+6", ""],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 6,
		"intimidation" : 8,
		"perception" : 6,
		"survival" : 5
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 10 ft",

	passivePerception : 16,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "11",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Katana",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 3d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [9, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, it has disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks, and can't take reactions, until the end of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Pistol",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (30/120 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [9, 5, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Armament Haki",
			description : "The Marine Vice Admiral's weapon attacks count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistances and immunities to non-magical attacks and damage, such as resistances granted by Devil Fruits. The Marine Vice Admiral also adds an additional 3d8 force damage onto its melee weapon attacks."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit User",
			description : "If the Marine Vice Admiral has consumed a Devil Fruit, it gains an Uncommon or Rare Fruit power, granting the Marine Vice Admiral any abilities and spells it gives. The Marine Vice Admiral will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. It's CR also increases by 2."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Six Powers and Haki)",
			description : "The Marine Vice Admiral's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom. It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   3/day each: blur, barkskin (self), jump (self), misty step\n   1/day each: arcane eye, haste (self), stoneskin (self)"
		}, {
			name : "Observation Haki (2/day)",
			description : "Whenever the Marine Vice Admiral makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, it can decide to roll an additional d20. It can choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. The Marine Vice Admiral can change the outcome of a roll when an attack is made against it. Roll a d20, and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll or the Marine Vice Admiral's. If more than one creature uses Observation Haki to influence theoutcome of a roll, any disadvantage or advantage from Observation Haki applied to the roll will be canceled; no additional dice are rolled."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["marine admiral"] = {

	name : "Marine Admiral",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 39],

	size : 2,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Lawful Good",

	ac : 20,

	hp : 346,

	hd : [33, 10],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [25, 15, 21, 23, 21, 26],

	saves : ["", "+9", "+12", "", "+12", "+15"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 14,
		"insight" : 12,
		"intimidation" : 15,
		"perception" : 12,
		"survival" : 12
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks",

	damage_resistances : "cold, fire, and lightning damage",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 22,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "24",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Supreme Meito",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 3d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [13, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 20 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, it has disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks, and can't take reactions, until the end of its next turn. Can also be done as a Legendary Action."
		}, {
			name : "Ranged Sword Slash",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [7, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Ranged (600 ft)",
			description : "Can also be done as a Legendary Action",
			modifiers : [13, "", ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Armament Haki",
			description : "The Marine Admiral's weapon attacks count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistances and immunities to non-magical attacks and damage, such as resistances granted by Devil Fruits. The Marine Vice Admiral also adds an additional 3d8 force damage onto its melee weapon attacks."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit User",
			description : "If the Marine Admiral has consumed a Devil Fruit, it gains a Very Rare or Legendary Fruit power, granting the Marine Admiral any abilities and spells it gives. The Marine Admiral will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. It's CR also increases by 2."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (3/day)",
			description : "If the Marine Admiral fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Conqueror's Haki (2/day)",
			description : "As a bonus action, the Marine Admiral can manifest its frightful presence. Each creature of its choice that is within 120 feet of it and aware of it must succeed on a DC 18 Wisdom saving throw. A creature that fails becomes frightened of it for 1 minute. A creature that fails this save by 5 or more is incapactiated until the start of the Marine Admiral's next turn. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Shave",
			description : "The Marine Admiral magically teleports, along with any equipment it is wearing or carrying, up to 120 feet to an unoccupied space it can see."
		}, {
			name : "Rallying Cry (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Marine Admiral bolsters all non-hostile creatures within 120 feet of it until the end of its next turn. Bolstered creatures can't be charmed or frightened, and they gain advantage on ability checks and saving throws until the end of the Marine Admiral's next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Conqueror's Surge (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Marine Admiral releases a debilitating shockwave using its spirit. All other creatures within 60 feet of the Marine Admiral must succeed on a DC 22 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Six Powers and Haki)",
			description : "The Marine Admiral's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 23). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: detect magic, dispel magic\n   3/day each: blur, dominate person, jump (self), steel wind strike\n   1/day each: arcane eye, death ward (self), dominate monster"
		}, {
			name : "Observation Haki (3/day)",
			description : "Whenever the Marine Admiral makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, it can decide to roll an additional d20. It can choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. The Marine Admiral can change the outcome of a roll when an attack is made against it. Roll a d20, and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll or the Marine Admiral's. If more than one creature uses Observation Haki to influence theoutcome of a roll, any disadvantage or advantage from Observation Haki applied to the roll will be canceled; no additional dice are rolled."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["marine fleet admiral"] = {

	name : "Marine Fleet Admiral",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 40],

	size : 2,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Lawful Good",

	ac : 20,

	hp : 465,

	hd : [30, 12],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [28, 15, 29, 25, 24, 28],

	saves : ["", "+10", "+17", "", "+15", "+17"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 17,
		"insight" : 15,
		"intimidation" : 17,
		"perception" : 15,
		"survival" : 15
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks",

	damage_resistances : "cold, fire, and lightning damage",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 22,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "26",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Unarmed Strike",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 3d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [17, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 25 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, it has disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks, and can't take reactions, until the end of its next turn. Can also be done as a Legendary Action."
		}, {
			name : "Ranged Leg Slash",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [8, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Ranged (600 ft)",
			description : "Can also be done as a Legendary Action",
			modifiers : [17, "", ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Armament Haki",
			description : "The Marine Fleet Admiral's weapon attacks count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistances and immunities to non-magical attacks and damage, such as resistances granted by Devil Fruits. The Marine Vice Admiral also adds an additional 3d8 force damage onto its melee weapon attacks."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit User",
			description : "If the Marine Fleet Admiral has consumed a Devil Fruit, it gains a Legendary Fruit power, granting the Marine Fleet Admiral any abilities and spells it gives. The Marine Fleet Admiral will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. It's CR also increases by 2."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (4/day)",
			description : "If the Marine Fleet Admiral fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Conqueror's Haki (3/day)",
			description : "As a bonus action, the Marine Fleet Admiral can manifest its frightful presence. Each creature of its choice that is within 120 feet of it and aware of it must succeed on a DC 20 Wisdom saving throw. A creature that fails becomes frightened of it for 1 minute. A creature that fails this save by 5 or more is incapactiated until the start of the Marine Fleet Admiral's next turn. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Shave",
			description : "The Marine Fleet Admiral magically teleports, along with any equipment it is wearing or carrying, up to 120 feet to an unoccupied space it can see."
		}, {
			name : "Spirit Slam (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The Marine Fleet Admiral slams the ground with Haki and releases crushing force in a 60-foot radius centered on itself. Each creature in that area must make a DC 25 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 11d12 force damage and is knocked prone. On a successful save, it takes half as much damage and isn’t knocked prone. On a success or failure, the creature's speed becomes 0 until the end of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Shattering Punch (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Marine Fleet Admiral releases a supersonic punch that releases devastating thunderous energy in a 90-foot line that is 10 feet wide. Each creature in that area must make a DC 25 Constitution saving throw, taking 5d10 thunder damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "If the Marine Fleet Admiral's \"Iron Fist of Justice\" trait has activated in the last hour, it can use the options below as Legendary Actions.\n   Shave: The Marine Leader uses its Shave ability, but only teleports up to half the distance.\n   Wave of Truimph: The Marine Leader releases a wave of conquering spirit energy that also empowers allies. Each creature of the Marine Fleet Admiral's choice in a 60-foot radius sphere centered on the Marine Fleet Admiral must make a DC 25 Constitution saving throw, taking 2d6 psychic damage on a failed save, half as much on a successful one. Also, a creature that fails this save becomes despaired until the end of the Marine Fleet Admiral's next turn. Despaired creatures are under the effect of the bane spell (no concentration required) forthe duration. In addition, up to four creatures of the Marine Fleet Admiral's choice (including itself) in that area becomes empowered until the end of the Marine Fleet Admiral's next turn. Empowered creatures gain 10 temporary HP and are under the effect of the bless spell (no concentration required) for the duration."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Six Powers and Haki)",
			description : "The Marine Fleet Admiral's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 25). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: detect magic, dispel magic\n   3/day each: blur, dominate person, jump (self), steel wind strike\n   1/day each: arcane eye, death ward (self), dominate monster"
		}, {
			name : "Observation Haki (3/day)",
			description : "Whenever the Marine Fleet Admiral makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, it can decide to roll an additional d20. It can choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. The Marine Admiral can change the outcome of a roll when an attack is made against it. Roll a d20, and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll or the Marine Admiral's. If more than one creature uses Observation Haki to influence theoutcome of a roll, any disadvantage or advantage from Observation Haki applied to the roll will be canceled; no additional dice are rolled."
		}, {
			name : "Iron Fist of Justice (Recharge short/long rest)",
			description : "If the Marine Fleet Admiral would be reduced to 0 HP, its current HP total instead resets to 350 HP, it recharges its Spirit Slam, and it regains any expended uses of Legendary Resistance. Additionally, the Marine Leader can now use the options in the \"Mythic Actions\" section for 1 hour. Award a party an additional 90,000 XP (180,000 XP total) for defeating the Marine Fleet Admiral after its Iron Fist of Justice activates."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["pirate recruit"] = {

	name : "Pirate Recruit",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 41],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Non-Lawful",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 11,

	hd : [2, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [11, 12, 12, 10, 10, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 3,
		"perception" : 2
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "1/8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cutlass",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [3, 1, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Musket",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (80/320 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [3, 1, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pirate Raid",
			description : "The Pirate Recruit has advantage on melee attack rolls and ability checks (Strength and Dexterity) if one or more of the Pirate's allies are within 5 ft. of the Pirate Recruit and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["pirate buccaneer"] = {

	name : "Pirate Buccaneer",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 41],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Non-Lawful",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 32,

	hd : [5, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [15, 12, 14, 10, 10, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 4,
		"intimidation" : 2,
		"perception" : 2
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cutlass",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Pistol",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (60/300 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [3, 1, ""],
			tooltip : "There is a 10% chance that the ammunition fired won't explode on contact. When this happens, the damage type is bludgeoning instead of fire."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pirate Raid",
			description : "The Pirate Buccaneer has advantage on melee attack rolls and ability checks (Strength and Dexterity) if one or more of the Pirate's allies are within 5 ft. of the Pirate Buccaneer and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["pirate captain"] = {

	name : "Pirate Captain",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 41],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Non-Lawful",

	ac : 17,

	hp : 66,

	hd : [10, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [12, 18, 14, 14, 11, 15],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 8,
		"athletics" : 5,
		"intimidation" : 6,
		"perception" : 4,
		"survival" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "3",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Saber",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Pistol",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (30/120 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pirate Raid",
			description : "The Pirate Captain has advantage on melee attack rolls and ability checks (Strength and Dexterity) if one or more of the Pirate's allies are within 5 ft. of the Pirate Captain and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}, {
			name : "Lightfooted",
			description : "The Pirate Captain can take the dash or disengage action as a bonus action on each of its turns."
		}, {
			name : "Suave Defense",
			description : "While the Pirate Captain is wearing light or no armor and wielding no shield, its AC includes its Charisma modifier."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["pirate fleet commander"] = {

	name : "Pirate Fleet Commander",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 41],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Non-Lawful",

	ac : 17,

	hp : 127,

	hd : [15, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [14, 19, 18, 17, 15, 19],

	saves : ["+6", "+8", "", "", "+6", "+8"],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 8,
		"intimidation" : 8,
		"perception" : 6,
		"survival" : 6
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 10 ft",

	passivePerception : 16,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "10",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Saber",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 3d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [8, 4, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, it has disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks, and can't take reactions, until the end of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Pistol",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (30/120 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 4, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Armament Haki",
			description : "The Pirate Fleet Commander's weapon attacks count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistances and immunities to non-magical attacks and damage, such as resistances granted by Devil Fruits. The Pirate Fleet Commander also adds an additional 3d8 force damage onto its melee weapon attacks."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit User",
			description : "If the Pirate Fleet Commander has consumed a Devil Fruit, it gains an Uncommon or Rare Fruit power, granting the Pirate Fleet Commander any abilities and spells it gives. The Pirate Fleet Commander will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. It's CR also increases by 2."
		}, {
			name : "Suave Defense",
			description : "While the Pirate Fleet Commander is wearing light or no armor and wielding no shield, its AC includes its Charisma modifier."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Six Powers and Haki)",
			description : "The Pirate Fleet Commander's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   3/day each: blur, expeditious retreat, feather fall (self), jump (self), misty step, see invisibility, shield\n   1/day each: arcane eye, haste (self), stoneskin (self)"
		}, {
			name : "Observation Haki (2/day)",
			description : "Whenever the Pirate Fleet Commander makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, it can decide to roll an additional d20. It can choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. The Pirate Fleet Commander can change the outcome of a roll when an attack is made against it. Roll a d20, and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll or the Pirate Fleet Commander's. If more than one creature uses Observation Haki to influence the outcome of a roll, any disadvantage or advantage from Observation Haki applied to the roll will be canceled; no additional dice are rolled."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["pirate warlord"] = {

	name : "Pirate Warlord",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 42],

	size : 2,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Non-Lawful",

	ac : 20,

	hp : 144,

	hd : [17, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [21, 20, 18, 18, 18, 20],

	saves : ["+8", "+8", "", "", "+9", "+10"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 10,
		"insight" : 9,
		"intimidation" : 10,
		"perception" : 9,
		"survival" : 9
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 10 ft",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 19,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "16",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Poisoned Blade",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 3d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [10, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must succeed on a DC 17 Constitution saving throw or be poisoned for 1 hour. If the saving throw fails by 5 or more, the target is also unconscious while poisoned in this way. The target regains consciousness if it takes damage or if another creature takes an action to shake it."
		}, {
			name : "Unarmed Strike",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 3d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [10, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must succeed on a DC 17 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. Can also be used as a Legendary Action."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Armament Haki",
			description : "The Pirate Warlord's weapon attacks count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistances and immunities to non-magical attacks and damage, such as resistances granted by Devil Fruits. The Pirate Fleet Commander also adds an additional 3d8 force damage onto its melee weapon attacks."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit User",
			description : "If the Pirate Warlord has consumed a Devil Fruit, it gains a Rare or Very Rare Fruit power, granting the Pirate Warlord any abilities and spells it gives. The Pirate Warlord will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. It's CR also increases by 2."
		}, {
			name : "Suave Defense",
			description : "While the Pirate Warlord is wearing light or no armor and wielding no shield, its AC includes its Charisma modifier."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (2/day)",
			description : "If the Pirate Warlord fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Conqueror's Haki (1/day)",
			description : "As a bonus action, the Pirate Warlord can manifest its frightful presence. Each creature of its choice that is within 120 feet of it and aware of it must succeed on a DC 18 Wisdom saving throw. A creature that fails becomes frightened of it for 1 minute. A creature that fails this save by 5 or more is incapactiated until the start of the Pirate Warlord's next turn. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Quick Step (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Pirate Warlord moves up to its speed without provoking opportunity attacks."
		}, {
			name : "Conqueror's Surge (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Pirate Warlord releases a debilitating shockwave using its spirit. All other creatures within 60 feet of the Pirate Elite must succeed on a DC 17 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Six Powers and Haki)",
			description : "The Pirate Warlord's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 18, +10 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: detect magic, dispel magic\n   3/day each: blur, dominate person, expeditious retreat, feather fall (self), jump (self), misty step, see invisibility, shield\n   1/day each: arcane eye, dominate monster, haste (self), stoneskin (self)"
		}, {
			name : "Observation Haki (2/day)",
			description : "Whenever the Pirate Warlord makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, it can decide to roll an additional d20. It can choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. The Pirate Warlord can change the outcome of a roll when an attack is made against it. Roll a d20, and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll or the Pirate Warlord's. If more than one creature uses Observation Haki to influence the outcome of a roll, any disadvantage or advantage from Observation Haki applied to the roll will be canceled; no additional dice are rolled."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["pirate emperor's commander"] = {

	name : "Pirate Emperor's Commander",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 43],

	size : 2,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Non-Lawful",

	ac : 22,

	hp : 275,

	hd : [19, 12],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [25, 20, 26, 18, 24, 24],

	saves : ["+14", "+12", "", "", "+14", "+14"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 14,
		"insight" : 14,
		"intimidation" : 14,
		"perception" : 14,
		"survival" : 14
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks",

	damage_resistances : "cold, fire, and lightning damage",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 24,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "23",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Supreme Meito",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 3d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [14, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must succeed on a DC 23 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. Can also be used as a Legendary Action."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Armament Haki",
			description : "The Pirate Emperor's Commander's weapon attacks count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistances and immunities to non-magical attacks and damage, such as resistances granted by Devil Fruits. The Pirate Fleet Commander also adds an additional 3d8 force damage onto its melee weapon attacks."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit User",
			description : "If the Pirate Emperor's Commander has consumed a Devil Fruit, it gains a Very Rare or Legendary Fruit power, granting the Pirate Warlord any abilities and spells it gives. The Pirate Emperor's Commander will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. It's CR also increases by 2."
		}, {
			name : "Suave Defense",
			description : "While the Pirate Emperor's Commander is wearing light or no armor and wielding no shield, its AC includes its Charisma modifier."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (3/day)",
			description : "If the Pirate Emperor's Commander fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Conqueror's Haki (2/day)",
			description : "As a bonus action, the Pirate Emperor's Commander can manifest its frightful presence. Each creature of its choice that is within 120 feet of it and aware of it must succeed on a DC 17 Wisdom saving throw. A creature that fails becomes frightened of it for 1 minute. A creature that fails this save by 5 or more is incapactiated until the start of the Pirate Emperor's Commander's next turn. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Shave",
			description : "The Pirate Emperor's Commander magically teleports, along with any equipment it is wearing or carrying, up to 120 feet to an unoccupied space it can see."
		}, {
			name : "Evasive Strike (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Pirate Emperor's Commander moves up to its speed while guarding against future attacks. The next melee attack made by a creature that targets the Pirate Emperor's Commander until the end of the Pirate Elite's next turn is made at disadvantage. Additionally, the Pirate Emperor's Commander can make an Attack with its Supreme Meito against the creature that made the attack."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Six Powers and Haki)",
			description : "The Pirate Emperor's Commander's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 16, +18 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: detect magic, dispel magic\n   3/day each: blur, dominate person, expeditious retreat, feather fall (self), jump (self), misty step, see invisibility, shield\n   1/day each: arcane eye, death ward (self), dominate monster, haste (self), stoneskin (self)"
		}, {
			name : "Observation Haki (3/day)",
			description : "Whenever the Pirate Emperor's Commander makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, it can decide to roll an additional d20. It can choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. The Pirate Emperor's Commander can change the outcome of a roll when an attack is made against it. Roll a d20, and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll or the Pirate Emperor's Commander's. If more than one creature uses Observation Haki to influence the outcome of a roll, any disadvantage or advantage from Observation Haki applied to the roll will be canceled; no additional dice are rolled."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["pirate emperor"] = {

	name : "Pirate Emperor",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 44],

	size : 1,

	type : "Giant",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Non-Lawful",

	ac : 23,

	hp : 574,

	hd : [19, 12],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [30, 15, 30, 21, 20, 30],

	saves : ["+19", "+19", "", "", "+14", "+19"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 23,
		"intimidation" : 26,
		"perception" : 23,
		"survival" : 18
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks",

	damage_resistances : "acid, cold, fire, lightning, necrotic, and radiant damage",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, deafened, frightened, paralyzed, poisoned, stunned",

	passivePerception : 33,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "30",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Unarmed Strike",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 4d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [19, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must succeedon a DC 27 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}, {
			name : "Sonic Boom",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [9, 6, "thunder"],
			range : "Ranged (600 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 4d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [19, "", ""],
			tooltip : "The target must succeedon a DC 27 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "King's Infusion Armament Haki",
			description : "The Pirate Emperor's weapon attacks count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistances and immunities to non-magical attacks and damage, such as resistances granted by Devil Fruits. The Pirate Emperor also adds an additional 4d8 force damage onto its melee weapon attacks and increases its melee weapon attack range by 5 feet."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit User",
			description : "If the Pirate Emperor has consumed a Devil Fruit, it gains a Legendary Fruit power, granting the Pirate Warlord any abilities and spells it gives. The Pirate Emperor will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. It's CR also increases by 2."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (5/day)",
			description : "If the Pirate Emperor fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Conqueror's Haki (3/day)",
			description : "As a bonus action, the Pirate Emperor can manifest its frightful presence. Each creature of its choice that is within 120 feet of it and aware of it must succeed on a DC 22 Wisdom saving throw. A creature that fails becomes frightened of it for 1 minute. A creature that fails this save by 5 or more is incapactiated until the start of the Pirate Emperor's next turn. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Shave",
			description : "The Pirate Emperor magically teleports, along with any equipment it is wearing or carrying, up to 120 feet to an unoccupied space it can see."
		}, {
			name : "Cataclysmic Slam (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The Pirate Emperor slams the ground with Haki and releases crushing force in a 60-foot radius centered on itself. Each creature in that area must make a DC 27 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 11d12 force damage and is knocked prone. On a successful save, it takes half as much damage and isn’t knocked prone. On a success or failure, the creature's speed becomes 0 until the end of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Cull the Weak (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Pirate Emperor casts toll the dead as a 17th level spell"
		}, {
			name : "Furious Strike (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Pirate Emperor makes one Unarmed Strike attack. If the attack hits a creature, the target must succeed on a DC 27 Wisdom saving throw or become frightened of the Pirate Emperor until the end of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "If the Pirate Leader's Emperor's Wrath trait has activated in the last hour, it can use the options below as Legendary Actions.\n   Emperor's Shield: The Pirate Emperor manifests his spirit into a suit of armor that protects it; it gains 77 temporary HP until the start of its next turn.\n   Ravaging Wave: The Pirate Leader unleashes a wave of deadly spirit energy. Each creature in a 120-foot-radius sphere centered on the Pirate Emperor must succeed on a DC 27 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 4d12 force damage and be incapacitated until the end of its next turn. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't incapacitated."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Six Powers and Haki)",
			description : "The Pirate Emperor's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 27, +19 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: detect magic, dispel magic, toll the dead (as a 17th level spell)\n   3/day each: blur, dominate person, fear, jump (self)\n   1/day each: arcane eye, control weather, death ward (self), dominate monster, earthquake, psychic scream"
		}, {
			name : "Observation Haki (3/day)",
			description : "Whenever the Pirate Emperor makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, it can decide to roll an additional d20. It can choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. The Pirate Emperor can change the outcome of a roll when an attack is made against it. Roll a d20, and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll or the Pirate Emperor's Commander's. If more than one creature uses Observation Haki to influence the outcome of a roll, any disadvantage or advantage from Observation Haki applied to the roll will be canceled; no additional dice are rolled."
		}, {
			name : "Emperor's Wrath (Recharge short/long rest)",
			description : "If the Pirate Emperor would be reduced to 0 HP, its current HP total instead resets to 500 HP, it recharges its Cataclysmic Slam, and it regains any expended uses of Legendary Resistance. Additionally, the Pirate Leader can now use the options in the \"Mythic Actions\" section for 1 hour. Award a party an additional 155,000 XP (310,000 XP total) for defeating the Pirate Leader after its Emperor's Wrath activates."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["celestial dragon"] = {

	name : "Celestial Dragon",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 45],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Lawful",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 9,

	hd : [2, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [11, 12, 11, 12, 14, 16],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"deception" : 5,
		"insight" : 4,
		"intimidation" : 5
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "1/8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Pistol",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (30/120 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [3, 1, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Celestial Helmet",
			description : "The Celestial Dragon wears a bubble-like helmet around its head which supplies it with fresh air. While it wears this helmet, it is immune to any effect that would cause the Celestial Dragon to suffocate or become poisoned from an airborne gas. If the Celestial Dragon takes 4 or more damage in a single turn, its helmet breaks."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["cipher pol assassin"] = {

	name : "Cipher Pol Assassin",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 45],

	size : 2,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Lawful",

	ac : 18,

	hp : 112,

	hd : [15, 8],

	speed : "30 ft, fly 30 ft",

	scores : [14, 19, 16, 17, 19, 13],

	saves : ["+6", "+8", "", "+7", "+8", ""],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 8,
		"insight" : 8,
		"perception" : 8
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 18,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "10",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Finger Gun",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Storm Leg",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Ranged (30/120 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [8, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Six King Gun (Recharge 6)",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target must make a DC 16 Constitution saving throw",
			modifiers : [8, 4, ""],
			tooltip : "If it fails, it is reduced to 0 hit points. If it succeeds, it takes 10d10 force damage. Until the end of the Assassin's next turn, it can't take an action on its turn, as a wave of lethargy sweeps over it."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Unarmored Defense",
			description : "While the Assassin is wearing no armor and wielding no shield, its AC includes its Wisdom modifier."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit User",
			description : "If the Assassin has consumed a Devil Fruit, it gains a Uncommon or Rare Fruit power, granting the Assassin any abilities and spells it gives. The Assassin will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. It's CR also increases by 2."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shave",
			description : "The Assassin magically teleports, along with any equipment it is wearing or carrying, up to 60 feet to an unoccupied space it can see."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Six Powers)",
			description : "The Assassin's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom. It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   3/day each: blur, expeditious retreat, feather fall (self), jump (self), misty step, see invisibility, shield\n   1/day each: haste (self), stoneskin (self)"
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["pacifista"] = {

	name : "Pacifista",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 46],

	size : 2,

	type : "Construct",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any Lawful",

	ac : 20,

	hp : 207,

	hd : [18, 10],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [24, 17, 22, 14, 14, 6],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 7
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "poison, psychic; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks",

	damage_resistances : "cold, lightning, necrotic, and thunder damage",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, stunned",

	passivePerception : 17,

	languages : "Common (rarely speaks)",

	challengeRating : "16",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Slam",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [13, 7, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Axiomatic Mind",
			description : "The pacifista can't be compelled to act in a manner contrary to its nature or its instructions."
		}, {
			name : "Face Scan",
			description : "A pacifista instantly recognizes the name, bounty, and any other government knowledge of a creature it can see."
		}, {
			name : "Immutable Form",
			description : "The pacifista is immune to any spell or effect that would alter its form."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Resistance",
			description : "The pacifista has advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Weapons",
			description : "The pacifista's weapon attacks are magical."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Laser Breath (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The pacifista fires an exploding laser beam at a point it can see within 120 feet. The explosion erupts in a 60-radius sphere centered on the chosen point, forcing each creature in the area to make a DC 19 Dexterity saving throw, taking 18d6 radiant damage on a failed save, or half as much on a successful one."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Destructive Death",
			description : "When the pacifista dies, it explodes. Each creature within 30 feet of it must make a DC 20 Dexterity saving throw, taking 4d10 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. The fire ignites flammable objects in the area that aren't worn or carried."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["seraphim"] = {

	name : "Seraphim",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 46],

	size : 2,

	type : "Construct",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Any Lawful",

	ac : 22,

	hp : 432,

	hd : [32, 10],

	speed : "40 ft, fly 50 ft",

	scores : [24, 17, 22, 14, 14, 6],

	saves : ["", "+9", "+16", "", "+12", ""],

	skills : {
		"insight" : 10,
		"intimidation" : 10,
		"perception" : 12
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "fire, poison, psychic; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks",

	damage_resistances : "cold, lightning, necrotic, and thunder damage",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, stunned",

	passivePerception : 22,

	languages : "Common (rarely speaks)",

	challengeRating : "25",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Slam",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 8d8 fire damage",
			modifiers : [15, 9, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Longsword",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 8d8 fire damage",
			modifiers : [15, 9, ""],
			tooltip : "Deals 3d10 damage if used with two hands."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Axiomatic Mind",
			description : "The seraphim can't be compelled to act in a manner contrary to its nature or its instructions."
		}, {
			name : "Face Scan",
			description : "A seraphim instantly recognizes the name, bounty, and any other government knowledge of a creature it can see."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit Lineage",
			description : "If the Seraphim has been infused with Devil Fruit lineage factors, it gains a Very Rare or lower Fruit power, granting the Seraphim any abilities and spells it gives. The Seraphim will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. Its CR also increases by 2."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Resistance",
			description : "The seraphim has advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects."
		}, {
			name : "Firey Weapons",
			description : "The Seraphim's weapon attacks are magical. When it hits with any weapon, the weapon deals an extra 8d8 fire damage."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Laser Beam (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The seraphim fires an exploding laser beam at a point it can see within 120 feet. The explosion erupts in a 60-radius sphere centered on the chosen point, forcing each creature in the area to make a DC 24 Dexterity saving throw, taking 26d6 radiant damage on a failed save, or half as much on a successful one."
		}, {
			name : "Shave",
			description : "The seraphim magically teleports, along with any equipment it is wearing or carrying, up to 120 feet to an unoccupied space it can see."
		}, {
			name : "Flame Charge",
			description : "The Seraphim can use a bonus action to activate or deactivate its flame. If it's flame is deactivated, the sepharim becomes resistant to fire damage instead of immune and receives a -2 penalty to Armor Class, but moves at double its movement speed and gains advantage on Dexterity checks and saving throws for the duration. These changes are reverted once the Seraphim re-activates its flame."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Destructive Death",
			description : "When the seraphim dies, it explodes. Each creature within 30 feet of it must make a DC 20 Dexterity saving throw, taking 10d10 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. The fire ignites flammable objects in the area that aren't worn or carried."
		}, {
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "The Seraphim's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 20). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components:\n   At will: detect magic, burning hands (as a 9th-level spell)\n   3/day each: dispel magic, fireball\n   1/day each: flame strike, sunburst"
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["fish-man martial artist"] = {

	name : "Fish-Man Martial Artist",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 47],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Fish-Man",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 16,

	hp : 60,

	hd : [11, 8],

	speed : "40 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [11, 17, 13, 11, 16, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 5,
		"insight" : 5,
		"stealth" : 5
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_resistances : "cold damage",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "3",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Unarmed Strike",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, the fish-man can choose one of the following additional effects:\n   The target must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or drop one item it is holding (fish-man’s choice).\n   The target must succeed on a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw or be knocked prone.\n   The target must succeed on a DC 13 Constitution saving throw or be stunned until the end of the fish-man's next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Water Missile",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 4, "cold"],
			range : "Ranged (20/60 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Unarmored Defense",
			description : "While the fish-man is wearing no armor and wielding no shield, its AC includes its Wisdom modifier."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["fish-man martial artist master"] = {

	name : "Fish-Man Martial Artist Master",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 47],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Fish-Man",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 17,

	hp : 84,

	hd : [13, 8],

	speed : "40 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [13, 18, 15, 16, 17, 12],

	saves : ["+4", "+7", "", "+6", "+6", ""],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 6,
		"insight" : 6,
		"perception" : 6,
		"stealth" : 6
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_resistances : "cold damage",

	passivePerception : 16,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "6",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Unarmed Strike",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 2d8 cold damage",
			modifiers : [7, 4, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, the fish-man can choose one of the following additional effects:\n   The target must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or drop one item it is holding (fish-man's choice).\n   The target must succeed on a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw or be knocked prone.\n   The target must succeed on a DC 13 Constitution saving throw or be stunned until the end of the fish-man's next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Water Missile",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 4, "cold"],
			range : "Ranged (20/60 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [7, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Unarmored Defense",
			description : "While the fish-man is wearing no armor and wielding no shield, its AC includes its Wisdom modifier."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["mink"] = {

	name : "Mink",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 47],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Mink (Shapechanger)",

	alignment : "Neutral Good",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 135,

	hd : [18, 8],

	speed : "30 ft, climb 30 ft",

	scores : [19, 13, 17, 10, 12, 12],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 7
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_resistances : "lightning damage",

	passivePerception : 17,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "5",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 1d8 lightning damage",
			modifiers : [7, 4, ""],
			tooltip : "The target takes takes an extra 2d10 piercing damage if the mink is in its sulong form."
		}, {
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 1d8 lightning damage",
			modifiers : [7, 4, ""],
			tooltip : "The target takes an extra 2d8 slashing damage if the mink is in its sulong form."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Smell",
			description : "The mink has advantage on Perception checks that rely on smell."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Shapechanger",
			description : "While exposed to a full moon, the mink can use its action to polymorph into a Large sulong mink form, or back into its true form, which is humanoid. Its statistics, other than its size and AC (Large and 12 respectively), are the same in each form. Any equipment it is wearing or carrying isn't transformed. It reverts to its true form if it dies or is no longer exposed to the full moon."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["samurai"] = {

	name : "Samurai",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 47],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 18,

	hp : 112,

	hd : [15, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [15, 18, 16, 10, 12, 15],

	saves : ["+7", "+5", "+6", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 8,
		"intimidation" : 5
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "5",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Katana",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals 2d10 damage instead if wielded with two hands",
			modifiers : [7, 4, ""],
			tooltip : "The target takes takes an extra 2d10 piercing damage if the mink is in its sulong form."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Brave",
			description : "The samurai has advantage on saving throws against being frightened."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Parry",
			description : "The samurai adds 3 to its AC against one melee attack that would hit it. To do so, the samurai must see the attacker and be wielding a melee weapon."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["bounty hunter"] = {

	name : "Bounty Hunter",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 48],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 112,

	hd : [15, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [11, 16, 14, 13, 12, 10],

	saves : ["", "+6", "", "+4", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 6,
		"deception" : 3,
		"perception" : 4,
		"stealth" : 9
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Shortsword",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 7d6 poison damage",
			modifiers : [6, 3, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw, taking the poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}, {
			name : "Pistol",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (30/120 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Sniper Rifle",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (150/600 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Assassinate",
			description : "During its first turn, the bounty hunter has advantage on attack rolls against any creature that hasn't taken a turn. Any hit the bounty hunter scores against a surprised creature is a critical hit."
		}, {
			name : "Conforting Capture",
			description : "The bounty hunter doesn't suffer disadvantage when making ranged attacks made within 5 feet of a creature. Additionally, creatures have disadvantage when attempting to resist being grappled or restrained as a result of any effect the bounty hunter creates."
		}, {
			name : "Evasion",
			description : "If the bounty hunter is subjected to an effect that allows it to make a Dexterity saving throw to take only half damage, the bounty hunter instead takes no damage if it succeeds on the saving throw, and only half damage if it fails."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Sneak Attack (1/turn)",
			description : "The Bounty Hunter deals an extra 4d6 damage when it hits a target with a weapon attack and has advantage on the attack roll, or when the target is within 5 ft. of an ally of the bounty hunter that isn't incapacitated and the bounty hunter doesn't have disadvantage on the attack roll."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["elbaf warrior"] = {

	name : "Elbaf Warrior",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 48],

	size : 0,

	type : "Giant",

	alignment : "Chaotic Good",

	ac : 17,

	hp : 248,

	hd : [16, 20],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [28, 16, 20, 10, 12, 14],

	saves : ["", "+7", "+9", "", "+5", "+6"],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 14,
		"intimidation" : 7,
		"perception" : 5
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 15,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "11",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Spear",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee or Ranged (5 ft or 20/60 ft)",
			description : "Deals 4d8 damage instead if wielded with two hands",
			modifiers : [13, 9, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Shield Bash",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 4, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (150/600 ft)",
			description : "The target must succeed on a DC 20 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone",
			modifiers : [13, 9, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Parry",
			description : "The elbaf warrior adds 3 to its AC against one melee attack that would hit it. To do so, the samurai must see the attacker and be wielding a melee weapon."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["tinkerer"] = {

	name : "Tinkerer",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 48],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 40,

	hd : [9, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [9, 14, 11, 17, 12, 11],

	saves : ["", "", "", "+6", "+4", ""],

	skills : {
		"arcana" : 6,
		"history" : 6
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "6",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Quarterstaff",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals 1d8 damage instead if wielded with two hands",
			modifiers : [5, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Fire Bolt",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "fire"],
			range : "Ranged (120 ft)",
			description : "A flammable object hit by this spell ignites if it isn't being worn or carried",
			modifiers : [6, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Spellcasting",
			description : "The tinkerer is a 9th-level spellcaster. Its spellcasting ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 14, +6 to hit with spell attacks). The tinkerer has the following wizard spells prepared:\n   Cantrips (at will): fire bolt, light, gust, prestidigitation\n   1st level (4 slots): burning hands, mage armor, magic missile, shield\n   2nd level (3 slots): mirror image, scorching ray\n   3rd level (3 slots): fly, lightning bolt, major image\n   4th level (3 slots): greater invisibility, storm sphere\n   5th level (1 slot): cloudkill"
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["devil fruit user (zoan)"] = {

	name : "Devil Fruit User (Zoan)",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 49],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 120,

	hd : [16, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [17, 15, 16, 10, 13, 11],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 5,
		"stealth" : 4
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 15,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "4",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Cutlass (Humanoid or Hybrid Form Only)",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Claw (Lion or Hybrid Form Only)",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite (Lion or Hybrid Form Only)",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Devil Fruit User",
			description : "The zoan user has eaten the Neko Neko no mi, Model: Lion zoan devil fruit, allowing it to transform into a lion or lion hybrid. It has the following weaknesses:\n   A devil fruit user has a permanent swimming speed of 0. When more than half-submerged in a body of water or liquid, the devil fruit user becomes incapacitated and cannot move or take actions until it exits the body of water.\n   Devil fruit user cannot consume more than one Devil Fruit, or else they will immediately die. There may be unknown exceptions to this rule, however.\n   If a devil fruit user ever comes into direct contact with sea stone, they must succeed on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw, or become incapacitated and can't move or take actions until they are no longer touching the material. If they succeed on the initial save, they must also save at the beginning of each following turn so long as they are touching the seastone."
		}, {
			name : "Keen Smell",
			description : "The zoan user has advantage on Perception checks that rely on smell."
		}, {
			name : "Pounce (Lion or Hybrid Form Only)",
			description : "If the zoan user moves at least 20 feet straight toward a creature and then hits it with a claw attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the zoan user can make one bite attack against it as a bonus action."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Shapechanger",
			description : "The zoan user can use its action to polymorph into a Large lion-humanoid hybrid or into a Large lion, or back into its true form, which is humanoid. Its statistics, other than its size and AC, are the same in each form. Any equipment it is wearing or carrying isn't transformed. It reverts to its true form if it dies."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["devil fruit user (paramecia)"] = {

	name : "Devil Fruit User (Paramecia)",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 49],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 90,

	hd : [12, 8],

	speed : "30 ft",

	scores : [15, 16, 16, 12, 18, 12],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "+7", "+4"],

	skills : {
		"arcana" : 4,
		"deception" : 4,
		"persuasion" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "7",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Fire Bolt",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 10, "fire"],
			range : "Ranged (120 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Scimitar",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 3d6 fire damage",
			modifiers : [6, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Pistol",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (30/120 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Devil Fruit User",
			description : "The zoan user has eaten the Neko Neko no mi, Model: Lion zoan devil fruit, allowing it to transform into a lion or lion hybrid. It has the following weaknesses:\n   A devil fruit user has a permanent swimming speed of 0. When more than half-submerged in a body of water or liquid, the devil fruit user becomes incapacitated and cannot move or take actions until it exits the body of water.\n   Devil fruit user cannot consume more than one Devil Fruit, or else they will immediately die. There may be unknown exceptions to this rule, however.\n   If a devil fruit user ever comes into direct contact with sea stone, they must succeed on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw, or become incapacitated and can't move or take actions until they are no longer touching the material. If they succeed on the initial save, they must also save at the beginning of each following turn so long as they are touching the seastone."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Six Powers and Haki)",
			description : "The paramecia user's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 15). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   3/day each: blur, expeditious retreat, feather fall (self), jump (self), misty step, see invisibility, shield\n   1/day each: arcane eye, haste (self)"
		}, {
			name : "Netsu Netsu no Mi",
			description : "This devil fruit has 9 charges, and any of its properties that require a saving throw have a save DC of 13 and it has a +5 to hit with spell attacks. The user of this fruit can use an action to cast fire bolt or heat metal. Alternatively, it can expend 1 or more of the devil fruit's charges to cast one of the following spells from it: burning hands (1 charge), hellish rebuke (1 charge), scorching ray (2 charges), wall of fire (4 charges), or flame strike (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn."
		}, {
			name : "Observation Haki (1/day)",
			description : "Whenever the paramecia user makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, it can decide to roll an additional d20. It can choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. The paramecia user can change the outcome of a roll when an attack is made against it. Roll a d20, and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll orthe paramecia user's. If more than one creature uses observation haki to influence the outcome of a roll, any disadvantage or advantage from Observation Haki applied to the roll will be canceled; no additional dice are rolled."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["devil fruit user (logia)"] = {

	name : "Devil Fruit User (Logia)",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 50],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 15,

	hp : 144,

	hd : [17, 8],

	speed : "30 ft, fly 30 ft",

	scores : [15, 20, 16, 10, 14, 12],

	saves : ["", "+9", "+7", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 9,
		"intimidation" : 5,
		"perception" : 6,
		"stealth" : 6
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "Poison; bludgeoning, piercing and slashing that is non-magical",

	condition_immunities : "blinded (from smoke), poisoned",

	passivePerception : 16,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "10",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Seastone Rapier",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (35 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [9, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "The logia user can then fill an unoccupied 5-foot cube within 5 feet of the target with smoke or fog (such as from the fog cloud spell), which remains for 1 minute."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Devil Fruit User",
			description : "The zoan user has eaten the Neko Neko no mi, Model: Lion zoan devil fruit, allowing it to transform into a lion or lion hybrid. It has the following weaknesses:\n   A devil fruit user has a permanent swimming speed of 0. When more than half-submerged in a body of water or liquid, the devil fruit user becomes incapacitated and cannot move or take actions until it exits the body of water.\n   Devil fruit user cannot consume more than one Devil Fruit, or else they will immediately die. There may be unknown exceptions to this rule, however.\n   If a devil fruit user ever comes into direct contact with sea stone, they must succeed on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw, or become incapacitated and can't move or take actions until they are no longer touching the material. If they succeed on the initial save, they must also save at the beginning of each following turn so long as they are touching the seastone."
		}, {
			name : "Seastone Weapon",
			description : "The tip of the rapier held by the logia user is made of seastone, and forces any Devil Fruit-using creature it hits to make a DC 20 Constitution saving throw or be subjected to its seastone weakness effects. Additionally, the rapier ignores immunity to piercing damage from devil fruit users."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Logia Guard",
			description : "The logia user can spend an action to enter it's logia guard form. While in this form, it gains the following benefits:\n   It gains a +2 bonus to AC.\n   It has advantage on Dexterity checks and Dexterity saving throws.\n   It becomes a misty cloud of smoke for the duration, making its only method of movement a flying speed equal to its movement speed. It can pass through small holes, narrow openings, and even mere cracks. It remains hovering in the air even when stunned or otherwise incapacitated, unless by seastone or water. It can move through the space of another creature, and it doesn't count as difficult terrain. If it ends its turn in another creature's space, it is shunted to the last unoccupied space it occupied, and it takes 1d8 force damage.\n   It chooses which equipment it is holding transforms into its element and travels with it normally. Worn equipment functions as usual, but benefits from the logia user's resistances and immunities and attacks that normally phase through it will also phase through its equipment as if it is a part of its body."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Moku Moku no Mi",
			description : "This devil fruit has 13 charges, and any of its properties that require a saving throw have a save DC of 15 and it has a +7 to hit with spell attacks. The user of this fruit can use an action to cast mage hand, and its reach with its melee weapons increases by 30 feet, as its arms can turn into smoke and extend outward. Alternatively, it can expend 1 or more of the devil fruit's charges to cast one of the following spells from it: fog cloud (1 charge), misty step (2 charges), gaseous form (3 charges), stinking cloud (3 charges), cloudkill (5 charges), investiture of wind (6 charges), wind walk (6 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn. The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["sea king lord"] = {

	name : "Sea King Lord",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 51],

	size : 0,

	type : "Dragon",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 25,

	hp : 585,

	hd : [30, 20],

	speed : "30 ft, swim 60 ft",

	scores : [30, 12, 30, 21, 20, 24],

	saves : ["+22", "+12", "+22", "+17", "+17", "+19"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 22,
		"intimidation" : 22,
		"perception" : 26,
		"stealth" : 12
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 180 ft",

	damage_immunities : "poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks",

	damage_resistances : "acid, cold, fire; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing that is non-magical",

	condition_immunities : "prone",

	passivePerception : 36,

	languages : "Sea King; Telepathy 120 ft with others that can hear the \"voice of all things\"",

	challengeRating : "30",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [7, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (35 ft)",
			description : "Deals an addtional 10d6 cold damage",
			modifiers : [22, 16, ""],
			tooltip : "If the Sea King Lord wishes, it is grappled (escape DC 24). If the creature is Large or smaller it is also restrained. As long as the Sea King Lord maintains the grapple, it cannot bite another creature."
		}, {
			name : "Constrict",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [10, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled (escape DC 24)",
			modifiers : [22, 16, ""],
			tooltip : "Until this grapple ends, the creature is restrained, and the sea king can’t constrict another target."
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [7, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (45 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [22, 16, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 30 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone or pushed 30 feet, the Sea King Lord's choice, and stunned until the end of the Sea King's next turn."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The Sea King Lord can breathe air and water."
		}, {
			name : "Chomp",
			description : "The Sea King Lord can use a bonus action to make a bite or swallow attack against a creature it has grappled."
		}, {
			name : "Colossal",
			description : "The Sea King Lord's space is 45' x 45'."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Resistance",
			description : "The Sea King Lord has advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Weapons",
			description : "The Sea King Lord's weapon attacks are treated as magical for overcoming resistances and immunities."
		}, {
			name : "Siege Monster",
			description : "The Sea King Lord's weapon attacks do double damage to objects and structures."
		}, {
			name : "Water Sense",
			description : "When the Sea King Lord is completely submerged, it gains tremorsense to 240 feet."
		}, {
			name : "Waves of Wrath",
			description : "Any bludgeoning damage dealt by the Sea King Lord from water-based attacks counts as magical for overcoming resistances and immunities."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (5/day)",
			description : "If the Sea King Lord fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Thunderous Roar",
			description : "The Sea King unleashes a deafening roar that can be felt and heard by any creature within 90 feet of it. Each creature in this area must make aDC 30 Constitution saving throw, taking 11d6 thunder damage and being deafened on a failed save or taking half as much damage and not being deafened on a successful save. Can also be done as a Legendary Action"
		}, {
			name : "Seawater Cannon (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The Sea King Lord exhales a 280-foot cone wave of frigid seawater. Each creature in that area must make a DC 29 Dexterity saving throw. On a failure, the target takes 30d12 bludgeoning damage and 30d12 cold damage, and is pushed to the end of the cone and knocked prone. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't pushed or knocked prone."
		}, {
			name : "Swallow",
			description : "A Large or smaller creature grappled by the Sea King must make a DC 25 Strength saving throw or be swallowed and the grapple ends. While swallowed, the creature is blinded and restrained, it has total cover against attacks and other effects outside the Sea King, and it takes 10d10 acid damage at the start of each of the Sea King's turns. The Sea King's stomach has an AC of 21 and if it takes 60 damage or more on a single turn from a creature inside it, the Sea King must make a DC 20 Constitution saving throw at the end of that turn or regurgitate all swallowed contents of its stomach. Creatures that are regurgitated fall prone within 10 feet of the Sea King. If the Sea King dies, a creature is no longer swallowed and may escape from the corpse by using 55 feet of its movement, exiting prone."
		}, {
			name : "Detect (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Sea King Lord can make a Perception check."
		}, {
			name : "Move (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Sea King Lord can move up to half its speed."
		}, {
			name : "Whirlpool (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Sea King Lord forms a 30-foot radius vortex in a body of water within 120 feet of it and lasts until the end of the Sea King Lord's next turn. The vortex is considered difficult terrain and each creature or vehicle which starts its turn in the vortex's area must succeed on a DC 24 Strength saving throw or be pulled to the center of the vortex. Additionally, creatures within the vortex without a swim speed have disadvantage on their attacks while they remain inside it."
		}, {
			name : "Innate Casting (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Sea King Lord casts an at-will spell."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "If the Sea King Lord's \"Cataclysmic Rage of the Sea\" trait has activated in the last hour, it can use the options below as legendary actions:\n   Explosive Dive: The Sea King Lord dives into the water in an explosive motion. Each creature within 30 ft. of the Sea King Lord must succeed on a DC 28 Dexterity saving throw or take 3d10 bludgeoning damage and 3d10 cold damage from the splash and be knocked prone. The Sea King can then swim up to its swimming speed.\n   Tail Sweep: The Sea King swings its tail in a 45-foot cone. Each creature in the area must make a DC 30 Dexterity saving throw or take 7d12 + 16 bludgeoning damage, be pushed back 30 feet, knocked prone, and stunned until the end of the Sea King's next turn."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Cataclysmic Rage of the Sea (Recharge short/long rest)",
			description : "If the Sea King Lord would be reduced to 0 hit points, its current hit point total instead resets to 500 hit points, it recharges its Seawater Cannon, and it regains any expended uses of Legendary Resistance. Additionally, the Sea King Lord can now use the options inthe \"Mythic Actions\" section for 1 hour. Award a party an additional 155,000 XP (310,000 XP total) for defeating the Sea King Lord after its Cataclysmic Rage of the Sea activates."
		}, {
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "The Sea King Lord's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spellsave DC 24; +16 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: control water, tidal wave, maelstrom\n   1/day each: storm of vengeance, tsunami"
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["dread yonko"] = {

	name : "Dread Yonko",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 52],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Non-Lawful",

	ac : 27,

	hp : 574,

	hd : [28, 20],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [30, 29, 28, 27, 27, 30],

	saves : ["+19", "+20", "+20", "", "+19", "+20"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 23,
		"intimidation" : 26,
		"perception" : 23,
		"survival" : 18,
		"stealth" : 20
	},

	senses : "Truesight 240 ft",

	damage_immunities : "poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks",

	damage_resistances : "acid, cold, fire, lightning, necrotic, radiant",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, deafened, frightened, paralyzed, poisoned, stunned",

	passivePerception : 33,

	languages : "Common; All (Voice of All Things)",

	challengeRating : "30",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Supreme Meito",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [10, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "Deals an addtional 9d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [22, 13, ""],
			tooltip : "The target is pushed 10 feet away from the Dread Yonko. Can also be used as a Legendary Action, and attacks twice when used as a Legendary Action."
		}, {
			name : "Air Slash",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [10, 10, "slashing"],
			range : "Ranged (600 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [19, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "King's Infusion Armament Haki",
			description : "The Dread Yonko's weapon attacks count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistances and immunities to non-magical attacks and damage, such as resistances granted by Devil Fruits. The Dread Yonko also adds an additional 9d8 force damage onto its melee weapon attacks and increases its melee weapon attack range by 5 feet."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit User",
			description : "If the Dread Yonko has consumed a Devil Fruit, it gains a Legendary Devil Fruit power, granting the Dread Yonko any abilities and spells it gives. The Dread Yonko will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. Its CR also increases by 2."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (5/day)",
			description : "If the Dread Yonko fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Conqueror's Haki (3/day)",
			description : "As a bonus action, the Dread Yonko can manifest its frightful presence. Each creature of its choice that is within 120 feet of it and aware of it must succeed on a DC 22 Wisdom saving throw. A creature that fails becomes frightened of it for 1 minute. A creature that fails this save by 5 or moreis incapactiated until the start of the Dread Yonko's next turn. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Shave",
			description : "The Dread Yonko magically teleports, along with any equipment it is wearing or carrying, up to 200 feet to an unoccupied space it can see."
		}, {
			name : "Divine Depature (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The Dread Yonko leaps up to 200 feet to a point it can see and makes a weapon attack against a creature within 5 feet of its landing spot with its Supreme Meito. Additionally, all creatures within 60 feet of the landing spot must make a DC 29 Dexterity saving throw, taking 14d12 force damage on a failed save and half as much damage on a successful one."
		}, {
			name : "Observation Killer",
			description : "The Dread Yonko can use its reaction to cancel one Color of Observation spell, ability, or dice-altering effect being used by a creature it can see."
		}, {
			name : "Move (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Dread Yonko can move up to half its speed without provoking opportunity attacks."
		}, {
			name : "Heaven-Splitting Slash (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Dread Yonko slashes its sword, sending out an energy slash which forms a line 150 feet long and 20 feet high. Each creature in the line must make a DC 29 Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 6d8 slashingdamage and 6d8 thunder damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "If the Dread Yonko's \"Dread Emperor's Wrath\" trait has activated in the last hour, it can use the options below as legendary actions:\n   Emperor's Shield: The Dread Yonko manifests its spirit into asuit of armor that protects it; it gains 77 temporary HP until the start of its next turn.\n   Let's End This War: The Dread Yonko and its allies within 100 feet gain a +2 bonus to AC until the end of the Dread Yonko's next turn. Additionally, the Dread Yonko and its allies in this area also receive 20 temporary HP, immunity from the frightened or charmed condition, and advantage on saving throws made against \"Color of the Supreme King\" Haki."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Dread Emperor's Wrath (Recharge short/long rest)",
			description : "If the Dread Yonko would be reduced to 0 hit points, its current hit point total instead resets to 500 hit points, it recharges its Divine Departure, and it regains any expended uses of Legendary Resistance. Additionally, the Dread Yonko can now use the options in the \"Mythic Actions\" section for 1 hour. Award a party an additional 155,000 XP (310,000 XP total) for defeating the Dread Yonko after its Emperor's Wrath activates."
		}, {
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "The Dread Yonko's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 26; +18 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: detect magic, dispel magic, toll the dead (as a 17th level spell)\n   3/day each: blur, dominate person, fear, jump (self)\n   1/day each: arcane eye, control weather, death ward (self), dominate monster, earthquake, foresight, phantasmal killer (as a 9th level spell), psychic scream"
		}, {
			name : "Observation Haki (3/day)",
			description : "Whenever the Dread Yonko makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, it can decide to roll an additional d20. It can choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. The Dread Yonko can change the outcome of a roll when an attack is made against it. Roll a d20, and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll or the Dread Yonko's. If more than one creature uses Observation Haki to influence the outcome of a roll, any disadvantage or advantage from Observation Haki applied to the roll will be canceled; no additional dice are rolled."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["navy legend"] = {

	name : "Navy Legend",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 53],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Any Race",

	alignment : "Any Good",

	ac : 26,

	hp : 630,

	hd : [28, 20],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [30, 30, 33, 23, 27, 29],

	saves : ["+21", "+21", "+22", "", "+19", "+20"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 21,
		"insight" : 17,
		"perception" : 17
	},

	senses : "Truesight 240 ft",

	damage_immunities : "poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks",

	damage_resistances : "acid, cold, fire, lightning, necrotic, radiant",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, deafened, frightened, paralyzed, poisoned, stunned",

	passivePerception : 33,

	languages : "Common; All (Voice of All Things)",

	challengeRating : "30",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Unarmed Strike",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "Deals an addtional 9d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [19, 13, ""],
			tooltip : "The target is grappled by the Navy Legend (escape DC 23). The Navy Legend can only grapple one creature at a time this way. Can also be used as a Legendary Action, and attacks twice when used as a Legendary Action."
		}, {
			name : "Massive Cannonball Toss",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [20, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (600 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [19, 13, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bone Crusher Technique",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 9d8 force damage",
			modifiers : [19, 13, ""],
			tooltip : "This attack can be done in place of an Unarmed Strike if the Navy Legend is grappling someone. When using this attack, the Navy Legend chooses from one of the three options below:\n   Headbutt: The target has disadvantage on attack rolls until the end of the Navy Legend's next turn.\n   Backbreaker: The target must succeed on a DC 23 Constitution saving throw or become stunned until the end of the Navy Legend's next turn.\n   Suplex: The target is knocked prone and released from the Navy Legend's grapple."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "King's Infusion Armament Haki",
			description : "The Navy Legend's weapon attacks count as magical for the purpose of overcoming resistances and immunities to non-magical attacks and damage, such as resistances granted by Devil Fruits. The Navy Legend also adds an additional 9d8 force damage onto its melee weapon attacks and increases its melee weapon attack range by 5 feet."
		}, {
			name : "Variant: Devil Fruit User",
			description : "If the Navy Legend has consumed a Devil Fruit, it gains a Legendary Devil Fruit power, granting the Dread Yonko any abilities and spells it gives. The Navy Legend will also gain all the weaknesses given to Devil Fruit users, such as water and seastone vulnerability. Its CR also increases by 2."
		}, {
			name : "Legendary Resistance (5/day)",
			description : "If the Navy Legend fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}, {
			name : "Reckless",
			description : "At the start of its turn, the Navy Legend can gain advantage on all melee weapon attack rolls during that turn, but attack rolls against it have advantage until the start of its next turn."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Conqueror's Haki (3/day)",
			description : "As a bonus action, the Navy Legend can manifest its frightful presence. Each creature of its choice that is within 120 feet of it and aware of it must succeed on a DC 22 Wisdom saving throw. A creature that fails becomes frightened of it for 1 minute. A creature that fails this save by 5 or moreis incapactiated until the start of the Navy Legend's next turn. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Shave",
			description : "The Navy Legend magically teleports, along with any equipment it is wearing or carrying, up to 200 feet to an unoccupied space it can see. Can also be done as a Legendary Action."
		}, {
			name : "Galaxy Impact (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The Navy Legend slams the ground, releasing a shockwave in a 120-foot radius sphere centered on itself. Each creature in that area must make a DC 29 Constitution saving throw. On a failure, a creature takes 14d12 force damage and is knocked prone. On a success, it takes half as much damage and isn't knocked prone."
		}, {
			name : "Move (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Navy Legend can move up to half its speed without provoking opportunity attacks."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "If the Navy Legend's \"Hero's Mighty Surge\" trait has activated in the last hour, it can use the options below as legendary actions:\n   Brace for Impact: The Navy Legend manifests its spirit into a suit of armor that protects it; it gains 77 temporary hit points until the start of its next turn.\n   Crippling Black Fist: Melee Weapon Attack: +19 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. Hit: 10d20 force damage\n   The targets speed is reduced in half and they cannot regain hit points for 1 day. The target can make a DC 29 Constitution saving throw at the end of its turn, ending the effects on itself on a success, or taking 10d10 necrotic damage on a failed save."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Hero's Mighty Surge (Recharge short/long rest)",
			description : "If the Navy Legend would be reduced to 0 hit points, its current hit point total instead resets to 500 hit points, it recharges its Galaxy Impact, and it regains any expended uses of Legendary Resistance. Additionally, the Navy Legend can now use the options in the \"Mythic Actions\" section for 1 hour. Award a party an additional 155,000 XP (310,000 XP total) for defeating the Navy Legend after its Hero's Mighty Surge activates."
		}, {
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "The Navy Legend's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 25; +17 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: detect magic, dispel magic, toll the dead (as a 17th level spell)\n   3/day each: blur, dominate person, fear, jump (self)\n   1/day each: arcane eye, control weather, death ward (self), dominate monster, earthquake, foresight, phantasmal killer (as a 9th level spell), psychic scream"
		}, {
			name : "Observation Haki (3/day)",
			description : "Whenever the Navy Legend makes an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, it can decide to roll an additional d20. It can choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. The Dread Yonko can change the outcome of a roll when an attack is made against it. Roll a d20, and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll or the Navy Legend's. If more than one creature uses Observation Haki to influence the outcome of a roll, any disadvantage or advantage from Observation Haki applied to the roll will be canceled; no additional dice are rolled."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["ace (supreme meito)"] = {

	name : "Ace (Supreme Meito)",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 55],

	type : "weapon (cutlass)",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 6,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This weapon once belonged to the Pirate King, seving as his trademarked weapon. It ranks as one of the 12 Supreme Grade Meito.",

	descriptionFull : "This weapon once belonged to the Pirate King, seving as his trademarked weapon. It ranks as one of the 12 Supreme Grade Meito. I gain a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this weapon.\n   Black Surge: Ace surges with black lightning haki when held by powerful users. It deals an extra 2d6 force damage to any target it hits.\n   Conqueror's Divine Will: With the Pirate King's immense spirit flowing through it, I gain the following benefits while I hold Ace and are attuned to it:\n     I can telepathically communicate with Sea Kings within 60 feet of me.\n     Ace scores a critical hit on a roll of 19 or 20.\n     I can cast dominate monster (save DC 17) on another creature. Once I have done so, Ace can't be used this way again until the next dawn.",

	weaponsAdd : ["Ace"],
	weaponOptions : {
		baseWeapon : "cutlass",
		regExpSearch : /ace/i,
		name : "Ace",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 55],
		modifiers : [3, 3],
	}
}

MagicItemsList["excite bullets"] = {

	name : "Excite Bullets",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 55],

	type : "weapon (any ammunition)",

	rarity : "varies",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "These bullets are laced with a special poison which causes its victim to become afflicted with one of the following two diseases depending on the rarity type of the excite bullet.",

	choices : ['Mummy', 'Ice Oni'],

	"mummy" : {

		name : "Mummy Excite Bullets",

		rarity : "rare",

		description : "A creature subjected to this type of poison must succeed on a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or take 1d6 necrotic damage and become diseased. The diseased creature must repeat the saving throw at the start of every turn, taking 1d6 necrotic damage on a failed save.",

		descriptionFull : "A creature subjected to this type of poison must succeed on a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or take 1d6 necrotic damage and become diseased. The diseased creature must repeat the saving throw at the start of every turn, taking 1d6 necrotic damage on a failed save. Until this disease ends, the damage the creature can't be healed by any means and the disease decreases the creature's maximum HP by the amount of necrotic damage it has taken from this disease. If this disease reduces the target's HP maximum to 0, the target dies, and its body turns to dust. Any other creature that touches a diseased creature before it recovers will be become subjected to the mummy poison and must succed on a saving throw against it. This disease lasts until the diseased creature succeeds on a saving throw against it. Once it ends, the diseased creature can heal normally, but does not regain its lost maximum HP until it completes a long rest.",
	},

	"ice oni" : {

		name : "Ice Oni Excite Bullets",

		rarity : "very rare",

		description : "A creature subjected to this type of poison must succeed on a DC 16 Constitution saving throw or take 1d6 cold damage and become diseased. The diseased creature must repeat the saving throw at the start of every turn, taking 1d6 cold damage on a failed save.",

		descriptionFull : "A creature subjected to this type of poison must succeed on a DC 16 Constitution saving throw or take 1d6 cold damage and become diseased. The diseased creature must repeat the saving throw at the start of every turn, taking 1d6 cold damage on a failed save. Until this disease ends, the diseased creature is under the effect of the confusion spell. Any other creature that touches a diseased creature before it recovers will be become subjected to the ice oni poison and must succeed on a saving throw against it. This disease lasts until the diseased creature succeeds on a saving throw against it, ending the confusion spell effect on the creature.",
	}
}

MagicItemsList["energy steroids"] = {

	name : "Energy Steroids",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 55],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "When I eat these pills, my Strength score changes to 29 for 24 hours. These pills have no effect on me if my Strength is equal to or greater than that score.",

	descriptionFull : "When I eat these pills, my Strength score changes to 29 for 24 hours. These pills have no effect on me if my Strength is equal to or greater than that score. At the end of the 24 hours after I've consumed these pills, I must make a DC 19 Constitution saving throw, taking 10d12 necrotic damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. If the save fails, I also age to the point where I have only 1 year left before I die of old age. In this aged state, I have disadvantage on attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws, and my walking speed is halved. Only the wish spell or the greater restoration cast with a 9th-level spell slot can end these effects and restore me to my previous age.",
}

MagicItemsList["muggy ball"] = {

	name : "Muggy Ball",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 55],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	prerequisite : "Requires attunement by a dwarf",

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "I can use an action to grab a muggy ball and throw or fire it up to 150 feet away. When it reaches the end of its trajectory, the ball detonates as a 5th-level fireball spell (save DC 17).",
}

MagicItemsList["raid suit"] = {

	name : "Raid Suit",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 55],

	type : "armor (bulletproof suit)",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "Raid suits come in the form of canisters that transform into a suit of armor around its user. To equip a raid suit, one must be attuned to the canister, hold it at waist level, and spend an action to release the suit from the canister, which then forms around its user. The raid suit remains on until its user removes it as a bonus action, returning it to its canister form.",

	descriptionFull : "Raid suits come in the form of canisters that transform into a suit of armor around its user. To equip a raid suit, one must be attuned to the canister, hold it at waist level, and spend an action to release the suit from the canister, which then forms around its user. The raid suit remains on until its user removes it as a bonus action, returning it to its canister form. I gain a +3 bonus to AC, have a flying speed of 50 feet, and gain advantage on Dexterity ability checks and saving throws while I wear this armor. Spells or cantrips cast from the raid suit (not counting innate or regular spellcasting I can cast normally) have a Spell Attack modifier of +8 and a Spell Save DC of 16. I can use the following abilities determined by the type of raid suit I possess.",

	armorAdd : "Raid Suit",
	armorOptions : [{
		regExpSearch : /^(?=.*raid)(?=.*suit).*$/i,
		name : "Raid Suit",
		source: ["D&DFDMG", 55],
		type : "medium",
		ac : 17,
		stealthdis : false,
		weight : 14,
	}],

	choices : ['Gardua', 'Poison Pink', 'Sparking Red', 'Shock Blue', 'Stealth Black', 'Winch Green'],

	"gardua" : {

		name : "Gardua Raid Suit",

		description : "As an action, I can summon forth a magical lance which I'm proficient with. The lance has a +2 bonus to attack rolls and deals an extra 2d4 lightning damage. The lance disappears when the raid suit returns to the canister, or if I dismiss it as a bonus action.",

		descriptionFull : "This raid suit canister is light grey and marked with a white \"J\", it gains the following properties:\n   As an action, I can summon forth a magical lance which I'm proficient with. The lance has a +2 bonus to attack rolls and deals an extra 2d4 lightning damage. The lance disappears when the raid suit returns to the canister, or if I dismiss it as a bonus action.\n   As an action, I can use the armor to cast freedom of movement on myself. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.",
	},

	"poison pink" : {

		name : "Poison Pink Raid Suit",

		description : "I'm immune to poison damage and immune to the poisoned condition. I can also spend an action to touch a creature and end the poisoned condition on it.",

		descriptionFull : "This raid suit canister is pink and marked with a white \"0\", it gains the following properties:\n   I'm immune to poison damage and immune to the poisoned condition. I can also spend an action to touch a creature and end the poisoned condition on it.\n   As an action, I can use the armor to cast contagion, no material components required. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.",
	},

	"sparking red" : {

		name : "Sparking Red Raid Suit",

		description : "I'm resistant to fire damage. I can also use this armor to cast the fire bolt cantrip as an action.",

		descriptionFull : "This raid suit canister is red and marked with a white \"1\", it gains the following properties:\n   I'm resistant to fire damage. I can also use this armor to cast the fire bolt cantrip as an action.\n   As an action, I can use the armor to cast fireball. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.",
	},

	"shock blue" : {

		name : "Shock Blue Raid Suit",

		description : "I'm resistant to lightning damage. I can also use this armor to cast the shocking grasp cantrip as an action.",

		descriptionFull : "This raid suit canister is blue and marked with a white \"2\", it gains the following properties:\n   I'm resistant to lightning damage. I can also use this armor to cast the shocking grasp cantrip as an action.\n   As an action, I can use the armor to cast lightning bolt. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.",
	},

	"stealth black" : {

		name : "Stealth Black Raid Suit",

		description : "As an action, I can use the armor to cast greater invisibility on myself. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.",

		descriptionFull : "This raid suit canister is black and marked with a yellow \"3\", it gains the following properties:\n   I can use this armor to cast invisibility on myself as an action.\n   As an action, I can use the armor to cast greater invisibility on myself. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.",
	},

	"winch green" : {

		name : "Winch Green Raid Suit",

		description : "While wearing this armor, my Strength score changes to 21. The item has no effect on me if my Strength without the raid suit is already equal to or greater than 21.",

		descriptionFull : "This raid suit canister is green and marked with a white \"4\", it gains the following properties:\n   While wearing this armor, my Strength score changes to 21. The item has no effect on me if my Strength without the raid suit is already equal to or greater than 21.\n   As an action, I can use the armor to cast pulse wave. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.",
	}
}

MagicItemsList["yoru (supreme meito)"] = {

	name : "Yoru (Supreme Meito)",

	source : ["D&DFDMG", 55],

	type : "weapon (greatsword)",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 15,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I gain a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic weapon. The shield spell provides no defense against the sword, which passes through that spell's barrier of magical force.",

	descriptionFull : "I gain a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic weapon. The shield spell provides no defense against the sword, which passes through that spell's barrier of magical force. When I land a critical hit with this weapon, green flames erupt from its blade and deal an extra 2d6 radiant damage to the target. The greatsword has 3 charges. I can expend 1 charge and make a ranged attack which I'm proficient with, using my Strength modifier for the attack and damage rolls, releasing a slashing projectile with a normal range of 60 feet and a long range of 180 feet, dealing the weapon's damage on a hit. Additionally, I can expend 3 charges to cast great heaven splitter. The sword regains all expended charges daily at dawn.",

	usages : 3,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 3",

	weaponsAdd : ["Yoru"],
	weaponOptions : {
		baseWeapon : "greatsword",
		regExpSearch : /yoru/i,
		name : "Yoru",
		source : ["D&DFDMG", 55],
		modifiers : [3, 3],
	}
}

MagicItemsList["mini mini no mi"] = {

	name : "Mini Mini no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Shrink Shrink Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 5],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A small teal blueberry with a dotted pattern resembling a shrinking spiral, eating this fruit grants the user the ability to shrink their body to a minuscule size and return to their normal size at will. The user's Strength remains the same regardless of size.",
}

FeatsList["mini mini no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mini Mini no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Shrink Shrink Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 0],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mini Mini no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mini Mini no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mini Mini no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Tiny Form: As an action, I can halve my size, and my weight is reduced to one-eighth of my normal weight, or I can return to my normal size. This reduction decreases my size by one category (down to a minimum of Tiny). I can use a subsequent action in my Tiny form to further halve my size by one category. My weapons also shrink to match my new size. While these weapons are reduced, my attacks with them deal 1d4 less damage for each size category I have decreased by (this can't reduce the damage below 1). My tiny form lasts for 10 minutes or until I fall unconscious.\n   Shrink Resistance: While shrunk, I'm harder to hit. I gain advantage on Dexterity saving throws, but have disadvantage on Strength checks and Strength saving throws.\n   Size Stealth: When shrunk, O can attempt to hide even when I'm only lightly obscured. I also have advantage on Stealth checks when in my shrunken state.\n   Spells (Shrinking Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components:\n    expeditious retreat (Self; 1 charge)\n     misty step (2 charges)\n   The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Mini Field): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast reduce, without expending any charges or material components, on any number of creatures of my choice that I can see within range of the spell (no concentration required). Creatures affected by this awakening also benefit from my \"Shrink Resistance\" and \"Size Stealth\" features. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["expeditious retreat"],
		selection : ["expeditious retreat"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["misty step"],
		selection : ["misty step"],
		firstCol : 2
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"expeditious retreat" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["bara bara no mi"] = {

	name : "Bara Bara no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Divide Divide Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 5],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Dark red berries decorated with spiral patterns resembling separated pieces. Eating this fruit allows the user to split and divide parts of their body into pieces and control said pieces telekinetically. However, the user's feet cannot float and must be on the ground.",
}

FeatsList["bara bara no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Bara Bara no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Divide Divide Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 5],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Bara Bara no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Bara Bara no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Bara Bara no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Cut Immunity: I'm immune to slashing damage, as my body can divide to avoid slashes from weapons.\n   Divide Form: As a bonus action, I can split any part of my body into pieces and control them telekinetically. These pieces retain my original Strength and Dexterity. As another action, I can reassemble my body.\n   Floating Limbs: When I divide my body, any part (except my feet) can float telekinetically up to 30 feet away from me. Appendages act similar to the mage hand cantrip. I can use these floating pieces to perform tasks, attack, or defend. Additionally, my reach for unarmed strike or melee weapons with the light property are 30 feet greater than normal when using floating limbs.\n   Spells (Chopping Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components:\n    Chop Chop Cannon (as catapult, using a body part; 1 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges)\n     Blur (2 charges)\n     Chop Chop Festival (as conjure barrage, but I create a storm of floating limbs; 3 charges)\n   The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Telekinetic Carnival): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast telekinesis, without expending any charges or material components, on any number of objects or creatures of my choice that I can see within range of the spell (no concentration required), with a duration of 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. My divided body parts can be used to increase the range or control multiple objects simultaneously. Additionally, I can telekinetically control myself (as if using telekinesis) for the duration, even affecting my feet. I can’t use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["catapult"],
		selection : ["catapult"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["blur"],
		selection : ["blur"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure barrage"],
		selection : ["conjure barrage"],
		firstCol : 3
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["sube sube no mi"] = {

	name : "Sube Sube no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Smooth Smooth Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 6],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A glossy pink strawberry with brain-like spiral patterns, which upon being consumed, makes the user's body smooth and slippery, causing most attacks to slide or slip off the user, protecting them from harm.",
}

FeatsList["sube sube no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Sube Sube no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Smooth Smooth Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 6],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Sube Sube no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Sube Sube no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Sube Sube no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Slippery Resistance: I gain resistance to bludgeoning and slashing damage from non-magical attacks, as physical attacks slip off your body. Additionally, I'm immune to falling prone due to slipping or tripping.\n   Swift Movement: My movement is unaffected by difficult terrain. I also gain advantage on any Acrobatics checks made to avoid being pushed or grappled.\n   Spells (Smooth Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: grease (Range: Self; 1 charge), blur (2 charges), or Slip 'n Slide (kinetic jaunt; 2 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Ultra Glide): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast freedom of movement on myself with a 1 minute duration or until I fall unconscious, without expending any charges or material components, focusing on enhancing my agility and speed. While this spell is active, my speed doubles, I gain immunity to bludgeoning and slashing damage from non-magical attacks, and I leave a 30-foot square trail of grease (like the grease spell) on any surface beneath me at the end of my turn. Me and my allies are immune to this slippery trail, and move at twice the regular speed within the trail. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	dmgres : ["Blud. (Non-Mag)", "Slash. (Non-Mag)"],

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["grease"],
		selection : ["grease"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["blur"],
		selection : ["blur"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["kinetic jaunt"],
		selection : ["kinetic jaunt"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"grease" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["toge toge no mi"] = {

	name : "Toge Toge no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Spike Spike Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 6],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A rough-textured, spiky green kiwi with protruding thorns, which allows the user to grow and retract spikes from any part of their body, turning them into a living weapon. The spikes can be used both defensively and offensively.",
}

FeatsList["toge toge no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Toge Toge no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Spike Spike Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 6],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Toge Toge no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Toge Toge no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Toge Toge no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Spike Immunity: I'm immune to non-magical piercing damage, as my body has adapted to the nature of spikes and sharp objects.\n   Impaling Strike: As a bonus action, I can cause my next melee attack against a creature to deal an extra 1d8 piercing damage on a hit, as long spikes emerge from my attacks until the start of my next turn. If I grapple a creature, I can choose to impale them on my spikes, dealing 1d6 piercing damage at the start of each of my turns while the grapple lasts.\n   Spells (Spike Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: armor of agathys (deals piercing damage; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), spike growth (2 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Thorny Dominion): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to envelop myself and the surrounding terrain in a 120-foot radius centered on me with menacing, fortified spikes. For 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, any creature, not including me or my allies, that moves within or enters this area takes 3d6 piercing damage every 5 feet it travels. Additionally, my skin hardens with a protective layer of spikes, granting me resistance to non-magical bludgeoning and slashing damage and causing melee attackers to take damage equal to half of what they deal to me. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["armor of agathys"],
		selection : ["armor of agathys"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["spike growth"],
		selection : ["spike growth"],
		firstCol : 2
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["bane bane no mi"] = {

	name : "Bane Bane no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Spring Spring Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 7],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A yellow banana in the shape of a swirl, with a similar black curved pattern covering it, topped with a spring-like stem. This fruit allows the user to turn their limbs and body parts into springs, giving them an extended reach for attacks, greater speed, and heightened jumps.",
}

FeatsList["bane bane no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Bane Bane no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Spring Spring Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 7],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Bane Bane no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Bane Bane no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Bane Bane no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Spring-Loaded Lunge: The first melee weapon attack I make during my turn gains a +5 ft. bonus to its range.\n   Spring Legs: My long jump is up to 20 feet and my high jump is up to 10 feet, with or without a running start, unless my current jump distance is higher. Additionally, if I land during a fall, I can use a reaction to reduce the impact uisng my springs, and I do not take any fall damage and can land on my feet.\n   Bounce Back: Whenever I come into impact with a hard surface, such as by jumping against it or by falling onto it, I can use a bonus action during my turn to use my spring body to bounce back in the opposite direction for free using my long jump or high jump (depending on the direction I'm jumping) without using any movement.\n   Spring Hopper: As an action on my turn, I can spend 3 devil fruit charges to unleash a spring assault onto my enemies. If I choose to do so, until the end of my turn, I do not provoke any opportunity attacks, I can make up to two additional long or high jumps without expending any movement to do so, and after I complete a jump, I can make a free melee weapon attack against a creature within 5 feet from where I land.\n   Spells (Spring Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: jump (Self; 1 charge), Spring Snipe (as thunderous smite; 1 charge), or thunder step (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Ultra Coil Zone): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cause the surrounding terrainin a 120-foot radius centered on me to become spring-like. For 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, each creature of my choice in the area gains a long jump of up to 60 feet and a high jump of up to 30 feet, with or without a running start, and doesn't take fall damage. Me and my allies gain advantage on the next attack roll made after making a jump for the first time during their turn. Me and my allies also gain immunity to bludgeoning damage for the duration, as the air around me absorbs the impact of the attack. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["jump", "thunderous smite"],
		selection : ["jump", "thunderous smite"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["thunder step"],
		selection : ["thunder step"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"jump" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["doa doa no mi"] = {

	name : "Doa Doa no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Door Door Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 7],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A flat, long brown pear with several squareindents along it surface, which allows the user to create doors on any surface, including air, granting them access to different locations or dimensions.",
}

FeatsList["doa doa no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Doa Doa no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Door Door Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 7],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Doa Doa no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Doa Doa no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Doa Doa no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Doorway Creation: As an action, by expending 2 devil fruit charges, I can touch a non-magical surface or an empty space next to you to create a 5-foot wide by 8-foot tall door on it. This door either leads to the same location in the ethereal plane or functions as a 5-foot deep passwall (choose one). The door remains open until the end of my next turn or until I close it as a bonus action, after which the surface reverts to its original state. If created in mid-air, the door exclusively leads to the ethereal plane. In the ethereal plane, I can view creatures and objects in the material plane up to 60 feet away. I can also use an action to create a door returning to the material plane without using a devil fruit charge once after entering the ethereal plane. Subsequent uses require the usual charge expenditure.\n   Spells (Door Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Revolving Door (as tasha's hideous laughter, causing a part of the target's body to rotate like a door; 1 charge), knock (2 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Doorway Domain): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to manipulate the fabric of space within a 120-foot radius centered on me. For 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, I can freely create doors leading to any location within this radius, allowing creatures to instantly teleport from one door to another. Me and each allied creature in this zone can use dimension door as an action for free during their turn, which can only lead to another space within the zone. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["tasha's hideous laughter"],
		selection : ["tasha's hideous laughter"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["knock"],
		selection : ["knock"],
		firstCol : 2
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["awa awa no mi"] = {

	name : "Awa Awa no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Bubble Bubble Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 8],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A long violet melon-shaped fruit with various swirls on it and a curly stem on top, which allows the user to generate and manipulate bubbles with various properties, from cleansing to entrapping.",
}

FeatsList["awa awa no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Awa Awa no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bubble Bubble Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 8],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Awa Awa no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Awa Awa no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Awa Awa no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Soapy Resistance: I'm immune to falling prone due to slipping or tripping.\n   Bubble Generation: As an action, I can generate bubbles from my body. These bubbles can be used to clean anything they touch, removing dirt, stains, and grime.\n   Golden Hour: I learn the sapping sting cantrip. When I hit a creature with sapping sting, the target's Strength score is reduced by 1d4 as their strength is washed away. The target's Strength score can only be reduced down to 1, at which point the target is rendered incapacitated until its Strength score increases past 1. Otherwise, the reduction lasts until the target finishes a short or long rest, or washes the bubbles off using water as an action.\n   Bubble Tidal Wave: As an action, by spending 3 devil fruit charges I can cast the Tidal Wave spell, no material components required. Any creature which fails the save also has the draining effect from my \"Golden Hour\" applied to it.\n   Spells (Bubble Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: fog cloud (as a dense bubble fog; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Bubble Beam (as ray of sickness; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Floating Bubble (as levitate; Self; 2 charges), or soap bubble (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Bubble Domain): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to turn the surrounding environment within a 60-foot radius centered on me into a bubbly wonderland for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. Enemies moving through the area have their speed halved and must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC at the start of its turn or become restrained in giant bubbles. The creature can break free from a bubble it is trapped in (DC equal to my Devil Fruit save DC) or if it pops it (AC 11; resistance to Bludgeoning, immunity to Poison and Psychic; 5 HP). Additionally, me and allies in the area can float vertically on bubbles up to 20 feet within the zone during their turn (as if using the levitate spell) and do not take fall damage from falling in the area. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["sapping string"],
		selection : ["sapping string"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["fog cloud", "ray of sickness"],
		selection : ["fog cloud", "ray of sickness"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["levitate"],
		selection : ["levitate"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["soap bubble"],
		selection : ["soap bubble"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"levitate" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["shari shari no mi"] = {

	name : "Shari Shari no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Wheel Wheel Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 8],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A brown watermelon sliced-shape fruit with a large black spiral centered in the middle, topped with a green-swirled stem, which grants the user the power to turn any part of their body into wheels or tires, allowing for rapid movement and rotation-based attacks.",
}

FeatsList["shari shari no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Shari Shari no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Wheel Wheel Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 8],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Shari Shari no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Shari Shari no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Shari Shari no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Rubbery Wheel Immunity: I'm immune to non-magical bludgeoning damage, as my body bounces and rolls blunt force away from me with its wheels.\n   Rolling Form: As a bonus action, I can transform my legs into large wheels, doubling my movement speed and enabling me to move across difficult terrain without penalty until the start of my next turn.\n   Wheel Weaponry: As a bonus action, I can cause my next melee attack against a creature to deal an extra 1d8 bludgeoning damage on a hit, as the rotational energy from my attacks increases until the start of my next turn. If a creature is hit by this attack, it must succeed on a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC, or be pushed 5 feet in any direction to an empty space.\n   Spells (Wheel Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: longstrider (Self; 1 charge), Drift Run (kinetic jaunt; 2 charges), or Burnout (ashardalon's stride; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Turbo Terrain): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to turn the ground within a 120-foot radius centered on me into a rapidly rotating tire-treaded terrain for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. Enemies on the terrain must make a Dexterity saving throw at the start of each turn or be knocked prone and immediately moved straight in any direction of my choice up to any location within the area. For example, I could push a creature into a pit or environmental hazard within the area if they fail. Me and my allies gain triple movement speed on this terrain, and my rotational attacks deal double damage and push failing targets 10 feet instead. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["longstrider"],
		selection : ["longstrider"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["kinetic jaunt"],
		selection : ["kinetic jaunt"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["ashardalon's stride"],
		selection : ["ashardalon's stride"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"longstrider" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["beri beri no mi"] = {

	name : "Beri Beri no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Orb Orb Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 9],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Three grape-shaped berries, each one being a different color; black, white and gray. All three have curvy yellow lines running along them, all tied in a deep yellow stem, which allows the user to transform their body parts into a multitude of orbs or spheres shaped like the round parts of berries.",
}

FeatsList["beri beri no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Beri Beri no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Orb Orb Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 9],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Beri Beri no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Beri Beri no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Beri Beri no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Bruise Immunity: I'm immune to non-magical bludgeoning damage, as my body can divide upon impact from any blunt objects or strong forces.\n   Orb Disassembly: As an action, I can break my body into numerous orbs, each roughly the size of a basketball, or return back to my regular form. In this orb form, my movement speed doubles, and I gain the ability to float 5 feet above the ground. Attack rolls against me have disadvantage due to my scattered form. I cannot cast spells, make weapon attacks, or otherwise attack and interact with creatures, except by using my Orb Burst Attack feature or Orb Technique spells.\n   Orb Burst Attack: While in my orb form, I can use an action to launch a barrage of orbs towards a target within 30 feet. I make a ranged attack roll. On a hit, deal 2d6 bludgeoning damage as orbs strike the target from multiple directions.\n   Spells (Orb Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Orb Launch (as catapult, using one of my orbs; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Orb Walk (kinetic jaunt; 2 charges), or Orb Barrage (as conjure barrage, but I create a storm of orbs; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Orb Hurricane): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast the whirlwind spell, without expending a spell slot or material components, which is made up of orbs being produced by the terrain around me. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["catapult"],
		selection : ["catapult"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["kinetic jaunt"],
		selection : ["kinetic jaunt"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure barrage"],
		selection : ["conjure barrage"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["woshu woshu no mi"] = {

	name : "Woshu Woshu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Wash Wash Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 9],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A light blue banana-shaped fruit, covered in white S-shaped swirls, which empowers the user with the ability to \"wash and fold\" objects and living beings, turning them into flat, two-dimensional forms. These flattened forms can be easily stored, manipulated, or restored to their original state.",
}

FeatsList["woshu woshu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Woshu Woshu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Wash Wash Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 9],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Woshu Woshu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Woshu Woshu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Woshu Woshu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Wash Impurity: I learn the mending cantrip, no material components required, as I'm able to wash away any damage on items.\n   Wash and Fold: As an action, I can touch an object or creature within my reach. If the target is an object weighing up to 150 pounds, it's instantly washed and turned into a flat 2D form. If the target is a creature, it must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be turned into a 2D form. Creatures in this form are incapacitated and have their weight reduced by 95%. I can revert any flattened form to its original state as a bonus action. A creature that saves against this effect becomes immune to it for the next 24 hours. At the end of each of its turns, and each time it takes damage, the target can make another Constitution saving throw. The target has advantage on the saving throw if it's triggered by damage. On a success, the effect ends.\n   Spells (Wash Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Folded Arms (as arms of hadar; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Brain Wash (as suggestion; 2 charges), and Extreme Wash (as bestow curse; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Laundry Realm): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to unleash a massive wave of washing energy in a 30-foot radius centered on me. For 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, the terrain in the area becomes soft and wavy like wet laundry. Creatures of my choice in the area, at the start of their turn, must make a Dexterity saving throw or be washed and folded into a 2D form. While in this zone, I gain a flying speed of 30 feet, and I can instantly revert any 2D form to its original state or vice versa without using an action. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["mending"],
		selection : ["mending"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["arms of hadar"],
		selection : ["arms of hadar"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["suggestion"],
		selection : ["suggestion"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["bestow curse"],
		selection : ["bestow curse"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["mato mato no mi"] = {

	name : "Mato Mato no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Mark Mark Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 10],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A silver strawberry-shaped fruit with red lines running across it, which grants the user the ability to mark a target, allowing them to flawlessly aim and hit the marked target with any object or attack from any distance.",
}

FeatsList["mato mato no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mato Mato no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Mark Mark Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 10],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mato Mato no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mato Mato no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mato Mato no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Precision Marking: As an action, I can touch a creature within 5 feet of me, forcing it to make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure, the creature is marked. While that creature is marked, every ranged weapon attack and ranged spell attack I make against it canreach it even if the creature isn't in range of my attack or I can't see it, unless it is behind full cover. I still have disadvantage on creatures outside of my normal range, and I cannot apply any advantage to attack rolls against a creature outside of my long range. I can only mark up to two creatures like this at a time, and when I mark a new creature the oldest mark disappears. A creature marked by you an make a Perception or Investigation check against my Devil Fruit save DC to determine which direction the attacks are being made from if it is outside my normal range and it cannot see me.\n   Spells (Mark Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: hunter's mark (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Death Mark (as bestow curse; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Bullseye Zone): Once I awaken my power, I can take an action to mark any creature you choose withina 60-foot range that you can see. Each chosen creature mustmake a Wisdom saving throw. If they fail, they are cursed with my mark for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. Creatures marked in this manner experience the effects of my \"Precision Marking\", which does not count against my usual number of uses. They also shimmer with the glow of faerie fire for the duration. Allies benefit from my \"Precision Marking\" when targeting creatures that bear this mark during this effect's duration. Furthermore, any creature marked by me this way takes an additional 1d6 damage from weapon attacks. After using this action, I must wait 24 hours before using it again.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["hunter's mark"],
		selection : ["hunter's mark"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["bestow curse"],
		selection : ["bestow curse"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["guru guru no mi"] = {

	name : "Guru Guru no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Spin Spin Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 10],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A white pear-shaped fruit with a yellow propeller-shaped stem which allows the user to create propellers around their body, giving them the ability of flight and spinning abilities.",
}

FeatsList["guru guru no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Guru Guru no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Spin Spin Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 10],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Guru Guru no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Guru Guru no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Guru Guru no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Propeller Immunity: I'm immune to non-magical slashing damage, as my body spins like a propeller in the direction of the slash to abosrb the slash.\n   Propeller Strike: As a bonus action, I can cause my next melee attack against a creature to deal an extra 1d8 slashing damage on a hit, as propeller blades emerge from my attacks until the start of my next turn. If I hit with my propeller, I can move yourself 5 feet in any direction with my propellers without provoking opportunity attacks.\n   Propeller Form: As an action, I can choose to enter a propeller form, or back into my regular form. In my propeller form, my walking speed becomes 5 feet and my flying speed is 50 feet, as I begin to fly like a propeller plane.\n   Spells (Spin Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: feather fall (1 charge), gust of wind (2 charges), Dizzying Spin (hypnotic pattern; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Spinning Vortex): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to transform the surrounding area within a 120-foot radius centered on a point I can see within 300 feet, into a spinning vortex for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. Enemies within the zone have their speed halved and must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC at the start of each turn. On a failed save, the creature takes 2d6 slashing damage, and is pulled in a straight line toward the center of the sphere, ending in an unoccupied space as close to the center as possible, falling if midair. Me and my allies gain a flying speed equal to their movement speed while within the vortex and can move freely within it. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["feather fall"],
		selection : ["feather fall"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["gust of wind"],
		selection : ["gust of wind"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["hypnotic pattern"],
		selection : ["hypnotic pattern"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["nui nui no mi"] = {

	name : "Nui Nui no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Sewing Sewing Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 11],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A green melon-shaped fruit with many white lines intersecting each other, which allows the user to stitch things together without the need for a needle, as well as control and manipulate threads with precision.",
}

FeatsList["nui nui no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Nui Nui no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Sewing Sewing Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 11],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Nui Nui no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Nui Nui no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Nui Nui no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   High Class Sewing: I learn the mending cantrip, no material components required. Additionally when using this cantrip, I can attach multiple objects together, no longer limiting myself to only fixing broken ones.\n   Unstich Restraints: If I'm restrained or grappled by any means, I can use an action to end the condition on myself, no check required.\n   Stiching Mastery: As an action, I can touch a creautre or object to stitch it to another object or surface using my sewing threads. If used on a creature, it must succeed on a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be restrained while attached to a nearby object or surface for 1 minute. If another creature is within 5 feet of the target, that creature must also save or become restrained and attached tothe original target, up to a maximum of 2 total targets. A creature restrained by the threads can use its action to make a Strength check against my Devil Fruit save DC to break free. If it succeeds, it is no longer restrained. As a bonus action on subsequent turns, I can tug on the thread of one creature I have restrained this way, dealing 1d6 slashing damage tothe creature.\n   Spells (Sewing Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Wound Stitching (cure wounds; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), web (2 charges), Binding Stitch (as hold person; 2 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Tailor's Domain): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to weave the very fabric of reality within a 120-foot radius centered on you for 1 minute or untilyou fall unconscious. The area in the zone becomes difficultterrain for enemies. Each creature of my choice that starts its turn in this zone or that enters the zone during its turn must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 2d6 piercing damage and is restrained by threads as long as it remains in the zone or until it breaks free. A creature restrained by the threads can use its action to make a Strength check against my Devil Fruit save DC. If it succeeds, it is no longer restrained. Additionally, I can use my \"Stitching Mastery\" on any point within this zone without the need for direct line of sight. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["mending"],
		selection : ["mending"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["cure wounds"],
		selection : ["cure wounds"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["web", "hold person"],
		selection : ["web", "hold person"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["trashu trashu no mi"] = {

	name : "Trashu Trashu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Trash Trash Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 11],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A lime green and brown coconut-shaped fruit with wavy purple linen topped with two banana peel-like appendages sprouting from the top. This fruit grants the user the ability to generate and control trash. This includes stinking waste, discarded items, rusted metals, old plastics, and other garbage.",
}

FeatsList["trashu trashu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Trashu Trashu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Trash Trash Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 11],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Trashu Trashu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Trashu Trashu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Trashu Trashu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Trash Immunity: I'm immune to poison damage, as my body is now built to hold rotten garbage. Additionally, I'm immune to the poisoned condition and non-magical diseases.\n   Garbage Disposal: I learn the poison spray cantrip. Additionally, I use an action to create a magical garbage bag which has the properties of a \"Bag of Holding\". I can create a number of these equal to my proficiency bonus. If this bag is destroyed or stolen, I can use an action to magically teleport it back to my hands.\n   Spells (Trash Techiques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Surprise Trash (chromatic orb; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Garbage Beam (ray of enfeeblement; 2 charges), or stinking cloud (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Landfill Kingdom): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to turn the ground within a 120-foot radius centered on me into a stinking landfill for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. The area becomes difficult terrain for enemies. Each creature of my choice that starts its turn in this zone or that enters the zone during its turn must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 2d6 poison damage and is poisoned until my awakening ends or it leaves the area. A poisoned creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns. As a bonus action on my turn, I can cause an avalanche of trash to hit a creature of my choice within the zone. The target must succeed on a DC Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or take 2d6 bludgeoning damage and get knocked prone. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["poison spray"],
		selection : ["poison spray"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["chromatic orb"],
		selection : ["chromatic orb"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["ray of enfeeblement"],
		selection : ["ray of enfeeblement"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["stinking cloud"],
		selection : ["stinking cloud"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["bri bri no mi"] = {

	name : "Bri Bri no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Bright Bright Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 12],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A translucent melon-shaped fruit with ayellow glowing core, which allows the user to generate bright light from any part of their body.",
}

FeatsList["bri bri no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Bri Bri no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bright Bright Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 12],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Bri Bri no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Bri Bri no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Bri Bri no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Bright Resistance: I'm resistant to radiant damage, as my body is used to bright lights. Additionally, I have advantage on saving throws against being blinded.\n   Glowing Aura: As an action, I can emit a 20-foot radius of bright light. This light dispels any darkness in its range, whether it's magical or non-magical. The radius lasts for 10 minutes or until I decide to end it.\n   Focused Illumination: I learn the word of radiance cantrip, no material components required. Additionally, any creature that fails its saving throw against this cantrip also becomes blinded until the end of its next turn.\n   Spells (Brightness Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: faerie fire (1 charge), Light Beam (moonbeam; 2 charges), daylight (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Luminescent Field): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast the holy aura spell, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	dmgres : ["Radiant"],

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["word of radiance"],
		selection : ["word of radiance"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["faerie fire"],
		selection : ["faerie fire"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["moonbeam"],
		selection : ["moonbeam"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["daylight"],
		selection : ["daylight"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["tendri tendri no mi"] = {

	name : "Tendri Tendri no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Tendril Tendril Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 12],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A deep purple banana covered in black swirls, which grants the user the ability to grow and manipulate long, flexible tendrils from any part of their body, allowing for grappling, reaching distant objects, or delivering powerful whip-like strikes.",
}

FeatsList["tendril tendril no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tendri Tendri no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Tendril Tendril Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 12],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tendri Tendri no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tendri Tendri no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tendri Tendri no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Tendril Growth: As an action, I can sprout tendrils from any part of my body, which last for 1 minute or until I'm knocked unconscious. These tendrils can extend up to 15 feet from my body. These tendrils can manipulate an object, open or close a door or container, and pick up or set down a Tiny object. They can retract or be dismissed as a free action.\n   Whip Strike: As a bonus action, I can use my tendrils to lash out at a creature within 15 feet of me. I make a melee Devil Fruit spell attack against the target, dealing 1d8 bludgeoning damage on a hit.\n   Grasping Tendrils:  I can use my tendrils to grapple an opponent within 15 feet as a bonus action as per grappling rules. When I successfully grapple a target, I can also restrain it until the end of my next turn or until my grapple is broken.\n   Spells (Tendril Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: arms of hadar (Deals bludgeoning damage; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), or evard's black tentacles (fills a 10-foot square instead; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Tendril Hell): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cause tendrils to erupt from the ground within a 60-foot radius centered on me. For 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, the area becomes covered in tendrils, as per the evard's black tentacles spell. Me and my allies are unaffected by the tentacles. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["arms of hadar"],
		selection : ["arms of hadar"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		selection : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["splito splito no mi"] = {

	name : "Splito Splito no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Split Split Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 13],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A lime green, segmented orange with jagged black lines crisscrossing its surface, which grants the user the ability to split and separate any object or surface into two parts, creating gaps, openings, or chasms. The user can control the size and shape of the split, making it a versatile power for both offense and defense.",
}

FeatsList["splito splito no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Splito Splito no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Split Split Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 13],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Splito Splito no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Splito Splito no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Splito Splito no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Material Split: As an action, I can touch a large or smaller non-magical object, causing it to magically split apart into two equal halves for 1 minute. This can be a chest, door, or other similar object. The object returns back to normal once the duration ends, unless I end the effect early on it as a bonus action.\n   Chasm Creator: As an action, by expending 1 devil fruit charge, I can split the ground beneath a creature I can see within 60 feet. The creature must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or fall into the chasm, taking fall damage if the chasm is more than 10 feet deep. The chasm can be up to 10 feet wide and 30 feet deep. The chasm remains open this way until the creature climbs out and no other objects or creatures remain inside it.\n   Barrier Divide: As an action, I can expend 3 devil fruit charges to split open even a magical barrier, object, or surface by touching it. Upon touching it, it splits in half, opening a gap opens along it that is no more than 5 feet wide along its surface from one end to another for 1 minute. The gap cannotbe longer than 30 feet along the surface and the depth of the opening cannot be more than 5 feet.\n   Spells (Split Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Earthen Mouth (as maximilian's earthen grasp; 2 charges), or Erupting Split (as erupting earth; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Spacetime Split): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast the gravity fissure spell, without expending a spell slot or material components. My allies are unaffected by the fissure. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["maximilian's earthen grasp"],
		selection : ["maximilian's earthen grasp"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["erupting earth"],
		selection : ["erupting earth"],
		firstCol : 2
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["naku naku no mi"] = {

	name : "Naku Naku no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Cry Cry Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 13],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A blue onion-shaped fruit with a small tear drop-shaped pattern, which allows the user to produce a gaseous substance in the air from their palms, producing the scent similar to that of cutting an onion, causing those around to uncontrollably cry.",
}

FeatsList["naku naku no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Naku Naku no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cry Cry Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 13],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Naku Naku no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Naku Naku no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Naku Naku no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Chopped Onions: I learn the vicious mockery cantrip, but instead making my target cry. Additionally, I have advantage on saving throws against being charmed.\n   Weeping Weaponry: As a bonus action, I can fire my own tears at a creature within 60 feet of me. I make a ranged Devil Fruit spell attack against the target, dealing 1d8 cold damage on a hit.\n   Spells (Crying Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Hideous Crying (as tasha's hideous laughter; 1 charge), Ray of Sadness (as ray of enfeeblement; 2 charge), or Bawling Breath (fear; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Tidal Wave of Sorrow): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to release a massive wave of crying gas in a 60-foot radius centered on me. Each creature of my choice in the area must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, creatures are overwhelmed by sorrow for 1 minute. Affected creatures are frightened and blinded for the duration and spends its turn crying uncontrollably, and must take the Dash action and move away from me by the safest available route on each of its turns, unless there is nowhere to move. Additionally, the tears of crying creatures are contagious and will spread to any other creature that starts its turn within 10 feet of a crying creature, forcing it to also make the save to avoid crying. A crying target can repeat the saving throw at the end of its turn, ending the effect on themselves on a success. Additionally, any surface a crying creature moves across becomes difficult terrain due to the pooling tears for 1 minute. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["vicious mockery"],
		selection : ["vicious mockery"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["tasha's hideous laughter"],
		selection : ["tasha's hideous laughter"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["ray of enfeeblement"],
		selection : ["ray of enfeeblement"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fear"],
		selection : ["fear"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["wrapu wrapu no mi"] = {

	name : "Wrapu Wrapu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Wrap Wrap Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 14],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A red, yellow and green apple-shaped fruit with a stem in the shape of a ribbon, which grants the user the ability to generate and manipulate wrapping materials, from ribbons to toughened wraps. These wraps can be used for binding, defense, or other creative applications.",
}

FeatsList["wrapu wrapu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Wrapu Wrapu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Wrap Wrap Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 14],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Wrapu Wrapu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Wrapu Wrapu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Wrapu Wrapu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Wrap Generation: As an action, I can produce wrapping materials from my body. These can be as soft as silk ribbons or as tough as steel bands, depending on my need. I can produce up to 60 feet of wrapping material at once. I can throw this material up to 60 feet, allowing it to serve as a bridge across a canyon, a grabbable surface for climbing up walls, etc., as it is able to remain sturdy according to my will.\n   Defensive Wrap: As a reaction when I'm hit by a melee attack, I can spend 2 devil fruit charges to wrap the attacking weapon or limb in a thick parchment, potentially disarming the attacker and forcing them to drop their weapon if they fail a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. The wrapped weapon or body part requires an action to unwrap and become usable again.\n   Spells (Wrap Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: entangle (as I wrap the ground around foes; 1 charge), web (as I create a wall or cube of wrapping material; 2 charges), or slow (wrapping targets together; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Wrapping Realm): Upon awakening my devil fruit powers, I can, as an action, envelop a 60-foot radius centered on you in a vast network of ethereal wraps. These wraps are almost transparent and can hardly be seen by enemies within the area, halving their movement speed and imposing disadvantage on their attack rolls and Dexterity saving throws. Additionally, I can, as a reaction, wrap a weapon attack I can see being made in the area, forcing the attacking creature to make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or miss the attack and have their weapon wrapped (as if using the \"Defensive Wrap\" feature). This realm lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, and once used, I can't activate it again for 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["entangle"],
		selection : ["entangle"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["web"],
		selection : ["web"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["slow"],
		selection : ["slow"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["chizu chizu no mi"] = {

	name : "Chizu Chizu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Cheese Cheese Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 14],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A large, round yellow fruit with numerous holes and a crumbly texture, resembling a wheel of cheese. This fruit grants the user the power to produce and control cheese. This cheese can be molded into various shapes and structures, from barriers to weapons, and even used to trap foes.",
}

FeatsList["chizu chizu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Chizu Chizu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cheese Cheese Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 14],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Chizu Chizu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Chizu Chizu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Chizu Chizu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Cheese Creation: As a cheese being, I'm able to produceand control cheese in various ways. Any cheese produced with this devil fruit is not thick and viscous enough to be considered water to devil fruit users, but creatures fully submerged in cheese will suffocate and drown normally as if they are underwater. I'm immune to suffocating in my own cheese. I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to cast create or destroy water as a 1st-level spell slot, without expending a spell slot or material components. Instead of producing or destroying water with this spell, I produce or destroy edible cheese that is much thicker than water in the same amount and volume. This cheese counts as food when consumed, but spoils after 24 hours. I may spend additional devil fruit charges to increase the level of this spell by 1 for every charge expended as a part of casting the spell. Additionally, I learn and can use the shape water cantrip on this cheese.\n   Spells (Cheesy Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Cheese Armor (as false life; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), web (replace webbing with sticky cheese; 2 charges), tidal wave (liquid cheese instead of water; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Cheese Kingdom): Once awakened, I can transform the terrain within a 60-foot radius centered on me into a cheesy landscape. Me and allies can use the passwell spell for free as a bonus action on any cheesy surface in the area, effectively opening up a hole in it for the duration, or closing it as a free action. An enemy in this area must make a Dexterity saving throw at the start of its turn, or fall 20 feet into a hole which opens out of the cheese beneath it. Thiseffect lasts for 1 minute, at which point the terrain returns to normal. After I use this action, I can't use it again for 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["shape water"],
		selection : ["shape water"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["create or destroy water", "false life"],
		selection : ["create or destroy water", "false life"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["web"],
		selection : ["web"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["tidal wave"],
		selection : ["tidal wave"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["jake jake no mi"] = {

	name : "Jake Jake no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Jacket Jacket Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 15],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A black, leather-textured orange with stitch-like patterns and a zipper-shaped stem, which grants the user the power to transform into a jacket and be worn by other creatures, allowing the user to enhance or manipulate the wearer.",
}

FeatsList["jake jake no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Jake Jake no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Jacket Jacket Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 15],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Jake Jake no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Jake Jake no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Jake Jake no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Disguise Expert: I gain proficiency with disguise kits.\n   Jacket Form: As an action, I can transform into a jacket form, which can move through the spaces of other creatures, which is treated as difficult terrain, and be worn by a willing creature of my choice. My weight becomes 0 for the duration, not including any items or equipment I'm carrying. An allied creature must spend a bonus action to wear me or remove me from their body. This form lasts for 1 minute, or until I end it as a bonus action.\n   Wearer Enhancement: While worn by an allied creature, I share the same space as the creature wearing me. My movement speed becomes 0, and I move with the creature wearing me. If the wearer gains full cover while wearing me, and if it is targeted by a spell, effect, or attack, I can choose to become the target instead. Both me and the wearer can still act on our turns, but the wearer can choose to let me roll for any Strength or Dexterity checks or saves it makes during its turn, using my roll in place of its own. If a spell or effect would force me to become grappled, restrained, knocked prone, or pushed, it also affects the wearer until they remove me from their body.\n   Wearer Manipulation: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to attempt to take control of an unwilling creature I can see within 5 ft. of me while in my jacket form. The target must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, my turn ends and the creature is forced to wear me (as if using \"Wearer Enhancement\"), and I control their actions and movement until the end of their next turn, at which point I'm removed and pushed into an empty space within 5 feet of the target.\n   Spells (Jacket Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: jump (only on wearer; 1 charge), longstrider (only on wearer; 1 charge), disguise self (1 charge), or warding bond (only on wearer; 2 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Coat of Arms): Once awakened, I can use an action to toss magical jackets at up to five humanoid creatures of my choice within 30 feet of me. The targets must make a Wisdom saving throw or become controlled by the worn jackets. While controlled, they are affected by the dominate person spell (concentration required) for 1 minute. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	toolProfs : ["Disguise kit"],

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["jump", "longstrider", "disguise self"],
		selection : ["jump", "longstrider", "disguise self"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["warding bond"],
		selection : ["warding bond"],
		firstCol : 2
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["nagi nagi no mi"] = {

	name : "Nagi Nagi no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Silence Silence Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 15],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A black, white apple-shaped fruit with a black \"X\" shaped pattern wrapping around it, which allows the user to create a soundproof field as well as the ability to cancel out all noises.",
}

FeatsList["nagi nagi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Nagi Nagi no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Silence Silence Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 15],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Nagi Nagi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Nagi Nagi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Nagi Nagi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Sound Immunity: I'm immune to thunder damage and any effect that relies on sound, such as the shatter spell.\n   Silent Zone: I can cast the silence spell as an action, no charges required. Additionally, I can choose to allow those within the sphere to hear and make noise without those outside the sphere to hear noise coming from inside.\n   Stealthy Movement: While in my \"Silent Zone\", I have advantage on Stealth checks, as my movements do not produce any noise.\n   Spells (Silence Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Eerie Silence (as cause fear; 1 charge), blindness/deafness (deafness only; 2 charge), or pass without trace (2 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Maddening Silence): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a zone of silence up to a 60-foot-radius sphere centered on a point I choose within 120 feet. All sound of my choice within this area is completely nullified, allied creatures are immune to thunder damage while inside the area, and enemy creatures in the area are deafened. Additionally, any creature of my choice that starts its turn in the area must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature takes 2d8 psychcic damage and is frightened by the silence until the start of its next turn. This effect lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["silence"],
		selection : ["silence"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["cause fear"],
		selection : ["cause fear"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["blindness/deafness", "pass without trace"],
		selection : ["blindness/deafness", "pass without trace"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["bisu bisu no mi"] = {

	name : "Bisu Bisu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Biscuit Biscuit Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 16],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A beige melon-shaped fruit with small holes dotting it that grants the user the ability to produce and manipulate biscuits, including shaping them into various forms and hardening them into durable structures.",
}

FeatsList["bisu bisu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Bisu Bisu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Biscuit Biscuit Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 16],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Bisu Bisu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Bisu Bisu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Bisu Bisu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Biscuit Creation: I learn the magic stone cantrip, using small biscuits instead of stones. As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to produce biscuits from my body, which can be used as sustenance or shaped into various objects and structures. The biscuits can be as soft and crumbly or as hard and tough as stone, depending on my needs. I can produce enough biscuits to fill a 5-foot cube, and they countas 15 pounds worth of food (as if using the create food and water spell).\n   Biscuit Molding: I can spend an action to harden or reshape up to a 10-foot cube of my biscuits into a solid, stone-like material. I can also mold it into any shape I want, so long as its overall volume doesn't increase. This can be used to create walls or barriers. Hardening biscuits make them have an AC of 17 and 30 HP per 5-foot section.\n   Biscuit Soldier: I can expend 2 devil fruit charges an action to magically manifest a large biscuit soldier in an unoccupied space I can see within 30 feet of me for up to 1 minute (concentration required). This biscuit soldier counts as a Large animated object, as if using the animate objects spell, with an AC of 17, and follows the same rules as per the spell description. As an action, I can choose to mount or dismount a biscuit soldier (using Mounted Combat rules) by using half of my movement speed, but take shelter within the solider instead and gaining full cover while inside it. I'm considered blinded while inside a biscuit solider, but I can see through its eyes and use it's senses. I can also speak and hear through it.\n   Spells (Biscuit Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Biscuit Toss (as catapult; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), or Biscuit Barrage (as conjure barrage; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Biscuit Legion): Once awakened, I can use an action to create up to ten large biscuit soldiers, using my \"Biscuit Solider\" feature (no concentration required), for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, without expending any Devil Fruit charges. Each Biscuit solider has an AC of 17 for the duration, and deals magic damage with its weapon attacks. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["magic stone"],
		selection : ["magic stone"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["catapult"],
		selection : ["catapult"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure barrage"],
		selection : ["conjure barrage"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["bata bata no mi"] = {

	name : "Bata Bata no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Butter Butter Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 16],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A melty, off white pear-shaped fruit with ashort green stem, which grants the user the ability to produce and manipulate butter, including shaping it into various forms and making it slippery or sticky.",
}

FeatsList["bata bata no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Bata Bata no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Butter Butter Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 16],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Bata Bata no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Bata Bata no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Bata Bata no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Butter Creation: As a butter being, I'm able to produce and control butter in various ways. I learn the acid splash cantrip. Any butter produced with this devil fruit is thick and viscous enough to not be considered water to devil fruit users, but creatures fully submerged in butter will suffocate and drown normally as if they are underwater. I'm immune to suffocating in my own butter. I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to cast create or destroy water as a 1st-level spell slot, without expending a spell slot or material components. Instead of producing or destroying water with this spell, I produce or destroy edible butter that is much thicker than water in the same amount and volume. This butter counts as food when consumed, but spoils after 24 hours. I may spend additional devil fruit charges to increase the level of this spell by 1 for every charge expended as a part of casting the spell. Additionally, I learn and can use the shape water cantrip on this butter.\n   Butter Shield: As a reaction, when I'm hit by a melee or ranged attack, I can expend 1 or more devil fruit charges to create a butter shield that provides me with temporary HP equal to 1d6 (for each charge spent) + my proficiency bonus. While these temporary HP remain, I'm resistant to non-magical bludgeoning and slashing damage. The shield lasts for 1 minute or until my temporary HP is depleted.\n   Spells (Butter Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: grease (1 charge), Butter Glide (as kinetic jaunt; 2 charges), tidal wave (liquid butter instead of water; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Butter Surf): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast freedom of movement on myself with a 1 minute duration or until you fall unconscious,without expending any charges or material components,focusing on enhancing your agility and speed by covering myself in butter. While this spell is active, my speed doubles, I gain immunity to non-magical bludgeoning and slashing damage, and I leave a 30-foot square trail of butter (like the grease spell) on any surface beneath me at the end of my turn. Me and my allies are immune to this slippery trail, and move at twice the regular speed within the trail. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["acid splash", "shape water"],
		selection : ["acid splash", "shape water"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["create or destroy water", "grease"],
		selection : ["create or destroy water", "grease"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["kinetic jaunt"],
		selection : ["kinetic jaunt"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["tidal wave"],
		selection : ["tidal wave"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kuri kuri no mi"] = {

	name : "Kuri Kuri no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Cream Cream Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 17],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A melty, white apple-shaped fruit with a large red stem, which grants the user the ability to produce and manipulate cream, including shaping it into various forms and attacks.",
}

FeatsList["kuri kuri no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kuri Kuri no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cream Cream Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 17],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kuri Kuri no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kuri Kuri no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kuri Kuri no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Cream Creation: As a cream being, I'm able to produce and control cream in various ways. I learn the fire bolt cantrip. Any cream produced with this devil fruit is thick and viscous enough to not be considered water to devil fruit users, but creatures fully submerged in cream will suffocate and drown normally as if they are underwater. I'm immune to suffocating in my own cream. I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to cast create or destroy water as a 1st-level spell slot, without expending a spell slot or material components. Instead of producing or destroying water with this spell, I produce or destroy edible cream that is much thicker than water in the same amount and volume. This cream counts as food when consumed, but spoils after 24 hours. I may spend additional devil fruit charges to increase the level of this spell by 1 for every charge expended as a part of casting the spell. Additionally, I learn and can use the shape water cantrip on this cream.\n   Burning Cream Monster: As a reaction to being attacked, I can expend 1 or more Devil Fruit charges to cast hellish rebuke. The level of the spell depends on the number of charges I expend. I also gain a number of temporary HP equal to my proficiency bonus times the spell's level for 1 hour.\n   Spells (Cream Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast oneof the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Cream Tentacles (arms of hadar, dealing fire damage instead; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Scalding Cream (as aganazzar's scorcher; 2 charges), tidal wave (liquid cream instead of water; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Burning Cream Kraken): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cause tendrils to erupt around me in a 30-foot radius aura which follows me. For 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, the area within the aura becomes covered in evard's black tentacles, which deal fire damage. Me and my allies are unaffected by the tentacles. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["fire bolt", "shape water"],
		selection : ["fire bolt", "shape water"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["create or destroy water", "hellish rebuke", "arms of hadar"],
		selection : ["create or destroy water", "hellish rebuke", "arms of hadar"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["aganazzar's scorcher"],
		selection : ["aganazzar's scorcher"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["tidal wave"],
		selection : ["tidal wave"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["shibo shibo no mi"] = {

	name : "Shibo Shibo no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Wring Wring Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 17],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A dark purple, oblong fruit with a twisted texture that resembles a wrung-out cloth, which allows the user to wring out and manipulate any object, including living creatures, as if they were a wet cloth, altering their shape, extracting fluids, or even wringing out intangible concepts like emotions.",
}

FeatsList["shibo shibo no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Shibo Shibo no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Wring Wring Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 17],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Shibo Shibo no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Shibo Shibo no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Shibo Shibo no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Twist and Wring: As an action, I can touch a creature or object and wring it out, manipulating its form or extracting liquids. If I target a creature, it must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature takes 1d10 necrotic damage and is stunned until the end of its next turn. I also regain 1 Devil Fruit charge if I wring out a creature with a CR equal to 1/8 or higher, as I pour the creature's essence and strength into a glass or container for me to drink.\n   Impurity Wringing: As an action, I can touch myself or a willing creature and wring out negative emotions or any toxins inside the target, removing a condition that affects its emotions, such as the frightened or charmed condition, or removing any non-magical disease or poisons affecting it.\n   Spells (Wring Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Healing Smoothie (as cure wounds; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Protein Smoothie (as enhance ability; 2 charges), Enlarging Smoothie (enlarge/reduce; enlarge only, 2 charges), or Power Smoothie (as haste; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges only by wringing out creatures using my \"Twist and Wring\" feature.\n   Awakening (World Wringing): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to twist and wring out the essence of all creatures within 30 feet of me. Each enemy creauture of my choice in the area must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failure, a creature takes 3d10 necrotic damage and is stunned until the end of its next turn. On a success, a creature takes half as much necrotic damage and isn't stunned. Additionally, the total amount of necrotic damage each creature takes in this area fills a health pool which can restore a number of HP equal to that amount. I choose any creatures within 30 feet of me, and divide those HP among them. I can't use this feature on an undead or a construct. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["cure wounds"],
		selection : ["cure wounds"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["enhance ability", "enlarge/reduce"],
		selection : ["enhance ability", "enlarge/reduce"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["haste"],
		selection : ["haste"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["diggu diggu no mi"] = {

	name : "Diggu Diggu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Dig Dig Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 18],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A brown kiwi-shaped fruit with sharp silver colored protrusions all around it, which allows the user to burrow through the ground or any solid material quickly and efficiently, creating tunnels, holes, or pits. The user can also manipulate the earth to create barriers, traps, or reshape the terrain.",
}

FeatsList["diggu diggu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Diggu Diggu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dig Dig Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 18],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Diggu Diggu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Diggu Diggu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Diggu Diggu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Tunnel Vision: While burrowed, I have tremorsense out to a range of 30 feet.\n   Burrow: I learn the mold earth cantrip. Additionally, I gain a burrow speed of equal to half my movement speed. I cannot burrow into solid rock, but I can move through softer material like soil or loose rubble, leaving a usable tunnel 5 feet in diameter. I can burrow through stone this way as well, but I must spend 1 Devil Fruit charge for every 30 feet of stone I burrow through until I complete a long rest. When I resurface for the first time during my turn, I deal an extra 1d6 damage to my next melee attack roll made during my turn.\n   Spells (Dig Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: earth tremor (1 charge), or erupting earth (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Excavation Zone): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to give myself and up to 5 allied creatures within 60 feet of me a burrow speed of 60 feet, allowing everyone with this burrow speed to dig through even solid rock and stone, leaving a usable tunnel 5 feet in diameter in their wake. This effect lasts for 1 minute, or until I fall unconscious. Me and my allies gain advantage on the next attack roll made after unburrowing for the first time during their turn for the duration of this awakening. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["mold earth"],
		selection : ["mold earth"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["erupting earth"],
		selection : ["erupting earth"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["juku juku no mi"] = {

	name : "Juku Juku no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Mature Mature Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 18],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A red, wrinkled fruit that resembles a dried prune with age spots on its surface, which grants the user the ability to rapidly age objects, turning new items old and decrepit, or cause plants to mature and bear fruit. The user can also increase the ages of living creatures.",
}

FeatsList["juku juku no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Juku Juku no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Mature Mature Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 18],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Juku Juku no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Juku Juku no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Juku Juku no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Age Manipulation: As an action, I can touch a non-magical object or surface, or a creautre within 5 feet of me, to attempt to magically age it. If I touch an unwilling creature, it must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure or if the creature is willing, I age it by one year at the start of each of its turns for 1d10 rounds. If a creature progresses in age to such an extent that it becomes a new age category, the DM may adjust the target's stats to match it's new age. If the target is an object, it may fall apart or wither based on its increase in age. I can only affect up to a 5-foot square worth of non-magical material at a time using this feature. If the material or material is equal to the durability of stone or greater, I must spend 1 devil fruit charge to age it this way. I can spend 2 charges as an action to instantly age a creature or 5-foot square of material this way, which guarantees it will age up to 10 years if it is a creature and that it will crumble if it is a non-magical object.\n   Spells (Maturing Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: entangle (as I cause plants and materials to grow rapidly; 1 charge), spike growth (as I cause the ground to age and become rough; 2 charges), or plant growth (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Extreme Aging): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to concentrate all aging power from the surrounding area into one creature and cast time ravage on it, no spell slots or material components required. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["entangle"],
		selection : ["entangle"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["spike growth"],
		selection : ["spike growth"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["plant growth"],
		selection : ["plant growth"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kachi kachi no mi"] = {

	name : "Kachi Kachi no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Hard Hard Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 19],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A gray coconut-shaped fruit surrounded in a red aura, which grants the user the ability to harden their body, making their outer flesh extremely difficult to damage with physical attacks. They can also alter parts of their hardened external shell to change appearance.",
}

FeatsList["kachi kachi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kachi Kachi no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Hard Hard Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 19],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kachi Kachi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kachi Kachi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kachi Kachi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Hardened Shell: My AC can't be less than 16, regardless of what kind of armor I'm wearing. By spending 1 devil fruit charge as a bonus action, I can gain a +2 bonus to my AC for up to 1 minute or until I fall unconscious (this effect doesn't stack).\n   Focused Hardness: I can spend 3 Devil Fruit charges as an action to make myself extremely hard for 1 minute (concentration required). For the duration, I have resistance to non-magical bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage.\n   Spells (Hardening Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: thunderous smite (1 charge), Shell Shift (as disguise self; 1 charge), or Mold Flesh (as alter self; 2 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Unbreakable Fortress): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to harden the ground, walls, and any objects within a 60-foot radius centered on me, turning the area into an unbreakable fortress. For 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, the hardened surfaces and objects become immune to all damage and cannot be destroyed. Additionally, I gain immunity to all damage except force for the duration. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["thunderous smite", "disguise self"],
		selection : ["thunderous smite", "disguise self"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["alter self"],
		selection : ["alter self"],
		firstCol : 2
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["nemu nemu no mi"] = {

	name : "Nemu Nemu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Sleep Sleep Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 19],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A deep blue melon-shaped fruit with yellow stars dotting it, which grants the user the ability to put others to sleep and manipulate sleep-related effects, or alter and read their unconscious dreaming state.",
}

FeatsList["nemu nemu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Nemu Nemu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Sleep Sleep Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 19],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Nemu Nemu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Nemu Nemu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Nemu Nemu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Slumber Resistance: Any form of magic cannot forcefully put me to sleep. Additionally, I only require 4 hours of meditative rest to complete a long rest.\n   Sleeping Touch: As an action, I can touch a creature and force it to make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature falls asleep for 1 minute or until it takes damage, is shaken awake, or uses an action to wake up. A creature that saves against this effect becomes immune to it for the next 24 hours.\n   Dreamy Visions: I learn the decode thoughts cantrip. Additionally, I can use this cantrip on another creature without the usage of detect thoughts or modify memory if the target is asleep or unconscious.\n   Spells (Sleep Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: sleep (1 charge, can be cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), calm emotions (2 charges), or catnap (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Dreamscape): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a dreamscape within a 60-foot radius centered on me. For 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, the area becomes a surreal and otherworldly landscape. Each creature that starts its turn in the area ormoves into the area during its turn must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature falls asleep for the duration or until it takes damage, is shaken awake, or uses an action to wake up. While asleep in the dreamscape, the creature is immune to all damage and effects from sources originating outside the dreamscape. A creature can use its action to attempt to wake up by making another Wisdom saving throw. My allies are immune to the dreamscape's effects. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	savetxt : {

		text : ["Magic can't put me to sleep"],
	},

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["decode thoughts"],
		selection : ["decode thoughts"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["sleep"],
		selection : ["sleep"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["calm emotions"],
		selection : ["calm emotions"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["catnap"],
		selection : ["catnap"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kyubu kyubu no mi"] = {

	name : "Kyubu Kyubu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Cube Cube Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 20],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A translucent blue cube-shaped fruit with asmall green cube-shaped stem, which grants the user the ability to manipulate and reshape objects into cubes, as well as manipulate the properties of the cubes.",
}

FeatsList["kyubu kyubu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kyubu Kyubu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cube Cube Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 20],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kyubu Kyubu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kyubu Kyubu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kyubu Kyubu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Cubification: As an action, I can touch a non-magical object or creature and transform it into a cube for 1 minute. If the target is a creature, it must save on a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be transformed against its will. The cube retains the weight and properties of the original object or creature, but its dimensions are altered to fit a perfect cube shape. The maximum size of the object or creature that can be cubified is determined by a 5-foot cube. If the object or creature is larger than this, only a portion of it is transformed into a cube. Creatures transformed into cubes are incapacitated for the duration of the transformation, and can make additional Constitution saving throws at the end of each of its turn to break free. A creature that saves against this effect becomes immune to it for the next 24 hours.\n   Cube Manipulation: I learn the magic stone cantrip, which I can use to toss cubes I've transformed. As an action, I can manipulate any cubes I've created, causing them to levitate, move, or stack. I can move a cube up to 15 feet in any direction, but it must remain within my line of sight. I can also stack cubes to create structures or barriers. The maximum weight of the cubes I can manipulate at once is equal to my carrying capacity.\n   Spells (Cube Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: catapult (targeting a cube I've created; 1 charge, can be cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Air Cube (as shatter, in the same of a cube; 2 charges), or conjure barrage (targeting a cube I've created; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Cube Dimension): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to transform the area within a 60-foot cube centered on me into a cubic dimension. The ground, walls, and objects within this area become cubic and can be manipulated by me for the duration. I can create upto 10 large cubes this way out of non-magical terrain or objects, which can be moved up to 30 feet as a bonus action as per my \"Cube Manipulation\" feature. As an action, I can attempt to slam a cube into a creature. It must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 5d10 bludgeoning damage and fall prone. The effect lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["magic stone"],
		selection : ["magic stone"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["catapult"],
		selection : ["catapult"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["shatter"],
		selection : ["shatter"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure barrage"],
		selection : ["conjure barrage"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["ropu ropu no mi"] = {

	name : "Ropu Ropu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Rope Rope Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 20],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A beige banana-shaped fruit with grooves spiraling it, which grants the user the ability to produce and manipulate ropes, including shaping them into various forms, hardening them into durable structures, or using them to bind and restrain targets.",
}

FeatsList["ropu ropu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ropu Ropu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Rope Rope Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 20],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ropu Ropu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ropu Ropu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ropu Ropu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Rope Creation: I learn the thorn whip Cantrip, which deals bludgeoning damage. As an action, I can produce ropes from my body, which can be used for various purposes. I can produce up to 500 feet in total using this ability. I can destroy up to 100 feet of rope I've created as a bonus action.\n   Climber's Blessing: The rope I produce serves as a climber's kit, which I'm proficient with. Additionally, I can launch a rope to grab a hold of a ledge or protruding object, granting me a climbing speed equal to my walking speed when scaling rough or rocky vertical surfaces. Additionally, slippery surfaces do not hinder me when climbing.\n   Luring Lasso: As an action, I can make a melee Devil Fruit spell attack with my ropes against a creature within 30 feet of me (if I have produced at least 30 feet of rope or more). On a hit, the target takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage, and becomes grappled and restrained (escape DC equal to my Devil Fruit save DC). I can use a bonus action to pull a lasso'd creature up to 20 feet straight toward me.\n   Spells (Rope Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: snare (1 charges), or rope trick (2 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Rope Domain): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to transform the area within a 60-foot radius centered on me into a rope domain. The ground, walls, and objects within this area become covered in ropes that I can manipulate as if using my \"Rope Creation\" feature. Creatures within the area must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be restrained by the ropes. Once per turn, I can spend an action to make up to five \"Luring Lasso\" attacks targeting any creature in the area, and then pull up to 5 retrained creatures 20 feet toward me as a part of the same action. The effect lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["thorn whip"],
		selection : ["thorn whip"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["snare"],
		selection : ["snare"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["rope trick"],
		selection : ["rope trick"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["pottu pottu no mi"] = {

	name : "Pottu Pottu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Pot Pot Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 21],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A terracotta-colored, round fruit with a rough texture that resembles a plant pot, which grants the user the ability to transform into a plant pot. The user can manipulate the growth of plants within these pots and use them for various purposes.",
}

FeatsList["pottu pottu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Pottu Pottu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Pot Pot Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 21],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Pottu Pottu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Pottu Pottu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Pottu Pottu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Pot Form: As an action, I can spend 1 Devil Fruit charge to transform into a metallic plant pot equal to my size. While in pot form, I'm resistant to non-magical bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage, and I gain resistance to all other damage types except force. My movement speed stays at 0 in this form, and I'm restrained. I can remain in pot form for up to 1 minute or until I end it as a bonus action.\n   Green Thumb: I learn the druidcraft cantrip. I have advantage on Nature and Survival checks related to plants, and I can cast the speak with plants spell at will, without expending a spell slot.\n   Spells (Pot Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: entangle (1 charge), spike growth (2 charges), or plant growth (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Garden of Eden): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast druid grove (casting time 1 action), without expending a spell slot or material components, as I awaken the plant life around me. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["druidcraft", "speak with plants"],
		selection : ["druidcraft", "speak with plants"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["entangle"],
		selection : ["entangle"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["spike growth"],
		selection : ["spike growth"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["plant growth"],
		selection : ["plant growth"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["tsuri tsuri no mi"] = {

	name : "Tsuri Tsuri no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Fishing Fishing Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 21],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A blue melon-shaped fruit covered in fish scales, topped with a hook-shaped stem, which grants the user the ability to generate fishing poles, nets, and other fishing tools. The user can also manipulate the movements of aquatic creatures and detect them with ease.",
}

FeatsList["tsuri tsuri no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tsuri Tsuri no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Fishing Fishing Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 21],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tsuri Tsuri no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tsuri Tsuri no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tsuri Tsuri no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Fisherman's Tools: I learn the thorn whip cantrip, which appears as a fishing pole. As an action, I can create fishing poles, nets, or other fishing tools, such as a fishing tackle kit. I can create up to three sets of these tools using this feature, and they remain until I dismiss them as a bonus action. I have advantage on checks made when fishing or using fishing tools.\n   Aqua Sense: I gain a supernatural sense of the presence of aquatic creatures. I have advantage on Perception and Survival checks to locate or track aquatic creatures. I can sense any aquatic creatures that are within 300 feet of me. Additionally, I can communicate telepathically with any aquatic creature within 60 feet of me that isn't a Sea King.\n   Surfacing Bind: As an action, I can spend 1 Devil Fruit charge and target one aquatic creature I can sense within 300 feet of me and force it to make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature must spend its movement during its turn moving up toward that surface.\n   Spells (Fishing Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: animal friendship (aquatic beasts only; 1 charge), locate animals or plants (aquatic beasts only; 2 charges), or conjure animals (aquatic beasts only; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Ocean's Call): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to command the creatures of the sea to come to my aid, forcing every aquatic beast within 300 feet of me to make a Wisdom saving throw or become affected by the dominate beast spell for 1 minute. This works even if I can't see the aquatic beast.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["thorn whip"],
		selection : ["thorn whip"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["animal friendship"],
		selection : ["animal friendship"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["locate animals or plants"],
		selection : ["locate animals or plants"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure animals"],
		selection : ["conjure animals"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["choco choco no mi"] = {

	name : "Choco Choco no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Chocolate Chocolate Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 22],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A brown, heart-shaped fruit with a glossy texture that resembles a chocolate truffle, which grants the user the power to produce and control chocolate. This chocolate can be molded into various shapes and structures, from barriers to weapons, and even used to trap foes.",
}

FeatsList["choco choco no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Choco Choco no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Chocolate Chocolate Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 22],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Choco Choco no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Choco Choco no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Choco Choco no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Chocolate Creation: As a chocolate being, I'm able to produce and control chocolate in various ways. Any chocolate produced with this devil fruit is thick and viscous enough to not be considered water to devil fruit users, but creatures fully submerged in chocolate will suffocate and drown normally as if they are underwater. I'm immune to suffocating in my own chocolate. I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to cast create or destroy water as a 1st-level spell slot, without expending a spell slot or material components. Instead of producing or destroying water with this spell, I produce or destroy edible chocolate that is much thicker than water in the same amount and volume. This chocolate counts as food when consumed, but spoils after 24 hours. I may spend additional devil fruit charges to increase the level of this spell by 1 for every charge expended as a part of casting the spell. Additionally, I learn and can use the shape water cantrip on this chocolate. Additionally, I can spend a bonus action to harden the chocolate into a solid block of chocolate which can expand up to a 10-by-10 ft cube, but counts as the same amount of food. A creature in the chocolate's space when it expands is pushed out safely to the nearest space.\n   Spells (Chocolate Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Chocolate Armor (as false life; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), web (replace webbing with sticky chocolate; 2 charges), tidal wave (liquid chocolate instead of water; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Chocolate Prison): Once awakened, I can cast forceage, without expending a spell slot or material components, which appears as an opaque and invincible chocolate material. After I use this action, I can't use it again for 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["create and destroy water", "shape water"],
		selection : ["create and destroy water", "shape water"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["false life"],
		selection : ["false life"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["web"],
		selection : ["web"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["tidal wave"],
		selection : ["tidal wave"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["poke poke no mi"] = {

	name : "Poke Poke no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Pocket Pocket Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 22],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A square-shaped fruit with a dark blue exterior and a zipper-like pattern around its edges, which allows the user to create pocket-like spaces on any surface, including their own body, where they can store objects, hide, or even trap enemies.",
}

FeatsList["poke poke no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Poke Poke no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Pocket Pocket Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 22],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Poke Poke no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Poke Poke no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Poke Poke no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Pocket Creation: As an action, I can create a magical pocket on my body or a piece of equipment, clothing, or armor that I'm wearing. I can create an number of these pockets equal to twice my proficiency bonus at a time. As an action I can store an item no larger than 10 x 10 feet insize into a pocket, with each pocket being able to magically store up to 500 lbs. of items in weight. These pockets store objects in an extradimensional space, where they remain until the pocket is destroyed or the contents are manually removed by me or another creature. I can spend an action to retrieve an object stored within a pocket on my person. As a bonus action, I can destroy a pocket, ejecting the contents into an empty space adjacent to me.\n   Pocket Trap: As an action, I can conjure up a Portable Hole, which appears folded in my hands. This acts as a large portable \"pocket\", which I can use to trap enemies or store valuables. If the Portable Hole is ever lost or gets stolen, I can use an action to summon it back folded into my hands. Storing this Portable Hole in my pockets does not cause it to get destroyed.\n   Spells (Pocket Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Pocket Ejection (catapult; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Air Pocket (wristpocket; 2 charges), or Pocket Surprise (conjure barrage; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Pocket Maze): Once awakened, I can pull a creature into one of my pockets and create a confusing maze within the pocket dimension to trap it. When I do so, I cast the maze spell, without expending a spell slot or material components, which appears as a large maze made of clotfabric. After I use this action, I can't use it again for 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["catapult"],
		selection : ["catapult"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["wristpocket"],
		selection : ["wristpocket"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure barrage"],
		selection : ["conjure barrage"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["jingu jingu no mi"] = {

	name : "Jingu Jingu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Jingle Jingle Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 23],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A bright red, bell-shaped fruit with a green stem and a shiny surface, which allows the user to produce and manipulate sounds, creating jingles, music, or other sound effects that can affect the listener's emotions or even have physical effects.",
}

FeatsList["jingu jingu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Jingu Jingu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Jingle Jingle Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 23],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Jingu Jingu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Jingu Jingu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Jingu Jingu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Sound Manipulation: I can manipulate sounds within a 60-foot radius of me using jingling bells that emerge from my body. I can amplify, dampen, or change the quality of any sound I can hear. I can also create new sounds, such as music or jingles, from scratch. I learn the thaumaturgy cantrip, but can only use the effects related to sound.\n   Emotion Manipulation: As an action, I can play a jingle that affects the emotions of creatures within 30 feet of me. I choose one of the following effects: Calm, Fear, or Joy. Each creature in the area must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature is affected by the chosen emotion for 1 minute or until it takes damage. If a creature is calmed, it is under the effects of the calm emotions spell. If a creature is under the Fear effect, it is frightened. If a creature is under the Joy effect, it is charmed. A creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success. A creature that saves against this effect becomes immune to it for the next 24 hours.\n   Spells (Jingle Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast oneof the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: thunderwave (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), shatter (2 charges), or hypnotic pattern (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Symphony of Emotions): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a symphony of jingles within a 60-foot radius aura centered on me. For 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, the aura is filled with music that manipulates the emotions of creatures in the area. I choose one of the following effects: Calm, Fear, or Joy. Each creature of my choice in the aura must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC at the start of each of its turns. Additionally, any enemy creature that starts its turn in the aura takes 2d6 psychic damage due to the overwhelming emotions. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["thaumaturgy"],
		selection : ["thaumaturgy"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["thunderwave"],
		selection : ["thunderwave"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["shatter"],
		selection : ["shatter"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["hypnotic pattern"],
		selection : ["hypnotic pattern"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kutsu kutsu no mi"] = {

	name : "Kutsu Kutsu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Shoe Shoe Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 23],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A small brown fruit shaped like a shoe, with a shoelace-patterned stem, which grants the user the ability to transform their feet into various types of shoes, granting them unique abilities based on the type of shoe.",
}

FeatsList["kutsu kutsu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kutsu Kutsu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Shoe Shoe Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 23],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kutsu Kutsu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kutsu Kutsu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kutsu Kutsu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Kick Mastery: I gain proficiency in unarmed strikes using my feet. Additionally, my kicks deal 1d6 + my Strength modifier bludgeoning damage.\n   Sneaker's Stealth: I gain proficiency in the Stealth skill. Additionally, I can move silently and leave no footprints on any surface, including sand, snow, or mud.\n   Shoe Transform: As an action, I can transform my feet into one of the following types of shoes, gaining the associated benefits for 1 minute or until I choose to end the effect as a bonus action:\n     Running Shoes: My walking speed increases by 15 feet, and I gain advantage on Acrobatics checks.\n     Climbing Shoes: I gain a climbing speed equal to my walking speed and advantage on Athletics checks to climb.\n     Jumping Shoes: I gain advantage on Athletics checks to jump, and my long jump is up to 20 ft. and my high jump is up to 10 ft., with or without a running start.\n     Dancing Shoes: I gain advantage on Performance checks related to dancing, and I can move through the spaces of other creatures as if they were difficult terrain.\n   Spells (Shoe Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Swift Shoes (as longstrider; Self; 1 charge), Spring Shoes (as jump; Self; 1 charge), Spider Shoes (as spider climb; Self; 2 charges), or Flying Shoes (as fly; Self; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Master Shoemaker): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to transform the feet of up to five creatures within 60 feet of me into any type of shoe (including my \"Shoe Techniques\" spells), granting them the benefits of one of my \"Shoe Transform\" feature, while also doubling their movement speed for the duration. These creatures can use a bonus action on their turn to switch between the types of shoes. This effect lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	weaponsAdd : ["Unarmed Strike, Kutsu Kutsu no Mi"],
	weaponOptions : {
		baseWeapon : "unarmed strike",
		regExpSearch : /unarmed strike, kutsu kutsu no mi/i,
		name : "Unarmed Strike, Kutsu Kutsu no Mi",
		source : ["DFE", 23],
		damage : [1, 6, "bludgeoning"]
	},

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["longstrider", "jump"],
		selection : ["longstrider", "jump"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["spider climb"],
		selection : ["spider climb"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fly"],
		selection : ["fly"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"longstrider" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		},
		"jump" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		},
		"spider climb" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["mane mane no mi"] = {

	name : "Mane Mane no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Imitate Imitate Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 24],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A smooth orange fruit with a swirling pattern that resembles a fingerprint, which grants the user the ability to transform into a physical double of anyone they touch, making the user an Imitating Human. The user can mimic the physical appearance, voice, and mannerisms of the target, but not their abilities or memories.",
}

FeatsList["mane mane no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mane Mane no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Imitate Imitate Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 24],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mane Mane no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mane Mane no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mane Mane no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Imitation Expert: I gain proficiency in the Deception and Performance skills, as well as proficiency with the disguise kit. Additionally, creatures attempting to see through my disguises make Investigation and Insight checks at disadvantage unless they are very familiar with the creature I'm imitating.\n   Mimicry: As an action, I can touch a humanoid creatureand instantly \"store\" the appearance of it into my mind. A creature can resist by succeeding on a Athletics or Acrobatics check against my Devil Fruit save DC to avoid having their appearance memorized by me. As an action, I can transform myself into a humanoid creature I have memorized (as if using the diguise self spell). I retain my own abilities, HP, and statistics, but I gain the physical appearance, voice, and exact facial features of the target. I do not gain the creature's clothes or possessions. If the creature is a size larger or smaller than me, I cannot increase or decrease my size category to match it. I can maintain this form for up to 1 hour, until I take damage, or until I choose to revert to my original form as a free action. To discern that I'm disguised, a creature can use its action to inspect my appearance and must succeed on an Investigation check against my Devil Fruit save DC.\n   Spells (Imitation Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Funny Face (as tasha's hideous laughter; 1 charge), Terrifying Face (as cause fear; 1 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), or Form Montage (mirror image; 2 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Terrain Imitation): Once I've awakened my power, I can cast mirage arcane with a casting time of 1 action, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can only transform the terrain into an area I have seen and touched before. This effect lasts for 12 hours. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	toolProfs : ["Disguise kit"],

	skills : ["Performance", "Deception"],

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["tasha's hideous laughter", "cause fear"],
		selection : ["tasha's hideous laughter", "cause fear"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["mirror image"],
		selection : ["mirror image"],
		firstCol : 2
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["maki maki no mi"] = {

	name : "Maki Maki no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Scroll Scroll Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 24],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A cylindrical burgundy fruit with the ends being green, and peach colored swirls going along it, which grants the user the ability to create and control scrolls at will. These scrolls have special properties, including storing objects and generating drawings.",
}

FeatsList["maki maki no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Maki Maki no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Scroll Scroll Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 24],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Maki Maki no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Maki Maki no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Maki Maki no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Scroll Creation: As an action, I can create a scroll in my hand. This scroll can be up to 10 feet long and 2 feet wide. I can use this scroll to store objects, generate drawings, or use other scroll-related features. I can possess a total number of scrolls equal to my proficiency bonus.\n   Store Object: As an action, I can touch an object with a scroll and store it within the scroll. The object must be no larger than a 5-foot cube. I can store up to three objects ina single scroll. As an action, I can touch the scroll and release one stored object, which appears in an unoccupied space within 5 feet of me.\n   Scroll Drawing: I learn the minor illusion cantrip. As an action, I can draw on a scroll, creating a two-dimensional image of any object or creature I can see, allowing me to perfectly memorize its appearance for illusion spells.\n   Spell Scroll: An empty scroll can hold up to 3 levels worth of spells at a time. Any creature can cast a spell of 1st through 3rd level into the scroll by touching the scroll as the spell is cast. The spell has no effect, other than to be stored in the scroll. If the scroll can't hold the spell, the spell is expended without effect. The level of the slot used to cast the spell determines how much space it uses. While holding the scroll, I can cast any spell stored in it. The spell uses the slot level, spell save DC, spell attack bonus, and spellcasting ability of the original caster, but is otherwise treated as if I cast the spell. The spell cast from the scroll is no longer stored in it, freeing up space.\n   Spells (Scroll Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: silent image (1 charge), major image (3 charges), or Scroll Nullification (as counterspell; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Infinity Scroll): Once I've awakened my power, I can use a reaction to nullify any spell, effect, or attack originating from a source I can see within 60 feet of me. If I choose to do so, the effect is completely negated and absorbed into a giant scroll I produce, for up to 1 minute. If the source is a creature, it can succeed on a Wisdom saving throw to avoid having its ability stored in my scroll. If the effect is stored in my scroll, I can use an action to recreate the attack, effect, or spell as if I was the source, so long as the scroll's duration hasn't ended. I can't use this ability again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["minor illusion"],
		selection : ["minor illusion"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["silent image"],
		selection : ["silent image"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["major image", "counterspell"],
		selection : ["major image", "counterspell"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["hira hira no mi"] = {

	name : "Hira Hira no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Flag Flag Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 25],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A white Pomegranate fruit with orange swirls, looking a bit on the thin side but still quite edible. This fruit allows the user to make their body and any object they touch become flat and flexible, letting solid objects ripple, billow, and flutter like a piece of cloth or a flag.",
}

FeatsList["hira hira no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hira Hira no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Flag Flag Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 25],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hira Hira no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hira Hira no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hira Hira no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Flag Human: I can use my action and 1 devil fruit charge to make my body become flat and flexible like a flag for 1 minute. While in this form, I can move through spaces as narrow as 1 inch wide without squeezing, I take no fall damage (as if using feather fall on myself for the duration), and I have advantage on Acrobatics checks and Dexterity saving throws. I can revert to my normal form as a bonus action.\n   Fluttering Object: As an action, I can touch an object no larger than Large and make it become flat and flexible like a flag for up to 1 minute. The object retains its original size and weight, but it can flutter and ripple in the wind. I can manipulate the object as if it were a piece of cloth, allowing it to wrap around objects, unfurl, or billow in the wind. The object takes no damage from fall damage, and is easily pushed by any strong wind or gusts. You can only affect one object at a time, and using this ability on a new object ends the effecton the previous object.\n   Fluttering Attack: As a bonus action, I can target a melee weapon I'm holding. For 1 minute or until I target a new weapon, the weapon's reach increases to 15 feet, as it becomes fabric-like and flexible. Alternaitvely, I can target my unarmed strikes instead, allowing my reach with themto be extend up to 15 feet.\n   Spells (Flag Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Earth Ripple (as earth tremor; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Wind Ripple (as gust of wind; 2 charges), levitate (Self or Object only; 2 charges), Flutter Dance (as kinetic jaunt; 2 charges), or Rippling Release (as conjure barrage; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Billowing Tempest): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast the investituture of wind spell with a 1 minute duration, no spell slots or material components required, on me and up to four other creatures within 30 feet of me. Additionally, me and the other target creatures also gain the benefits of my \"Flag Human\" form for the duration. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["gust of wind", "levitate", "kinetic jaunt"],
		selection : ["gust of wind", "levitate", "kinetic jaunt"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure barrage"],
		selection : ["conjure barrage"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["jigu jigu no mi"] = {

	name : "Jigu Jigu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Jiggle Jiggle Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 25],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A red peach fruit that has lime green swirls on it, at first appearance nothing is unusual until I pick it up and it starts jiggling. This fruit allows the user to make their body, as well as any object they touch, become soft, flexible, and jiggly like gelatin.",
}

FeatsList["jigu jigu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Jigu Jigu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Jiggle Jiggle Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 25],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Jigu Jigu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Jigu Jigu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Jigu Jigu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Jiggle Human: I can use my action and 1 devil fruit charge to make my body become jiggly and bouncy like a gelatin for 1 minute. While in this form, I can squeeze  through spaces as narrow as 1 inch wide, I take no fall damage (as if using feather fall on myself for the duration), and my minimum long jump is up to 20 ft. and minimum high jump is up to 10 ft., with or without a running start. I can revert to my normal form as a bonus action.\n   Gelatinous Object: As an action, I can transform a Large or smaller object or up to a 10 ft. cube of terrain and make it become soft and jiggly like gelatin for up to 1 minute. The object retains its original size and weight but becomes flexible and bouncy. Creatures don't need a running start to jump while standing on the area, and jump distances are doubled if jumping from the surface of the area. I may bounce on this substance like a trampoline (negating fall damage) or move through it as if it were difficult terrain. If I end my movement I begin to suffocate, taking 1d6 force damage. I can only affect one object at a time, and using this ability on a new object ends the effect on the previous object. Ending this effect on an object causes creatures within it to be forced out of the object.\n   Spells (Jiggle Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: jump (Self; 1 charge), Jiggle Slam (as thunderous smite; 1 charge), Sticky Surface (web; 2 charges), or thunder step (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awaknening (Gelatinous Transmutation): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to convert up to four 10-by-10 ft. objects or squares of terrain within 60 feet of me into a Gelatinous Cube per converted area, up to four total. The Galetinous Cubes form in the converted objects' spacesand obey my commands for 1 minute or until they are destroyed. I can dismiss one Gelatinous Cube as a free action during your turn, once per turn, and form a Large 10 by 10 ft. cube of gelatinous material (with the characteristics of my \"Gelatinous Object\" ability). I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["jump", "thunderous smite"],
		selection : ["jump", "thunderous smite"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["web"],
		selection : ["web"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["thunder step"],
		selection : ["thunder step"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"jump" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["daicu daicu no mi"] = {

	name : "Daicu Daicu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Dice Dice Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 26],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A small, cubic fruit with six sides, each side featuring a different number of dots, resembling a six-sided dice. The fruit is primarily red with white dots. This fruit allows the user to create magical dice and create dice-based effects.",
}

FeatsList["daicu daicu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Daicu Daicu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dice Dice Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 26],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Daicu Daicu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Daicu Daicu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Daicu Daicu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Magic Dice: As an action, I can produce up to three magical six-sided dice from my hands. These dice are magical and can alter the fate of me and the creatures around me in any way I choose. I cannot use this action again to produce dice until the next dawn. I can have up to three of these magic dice at a time.\n   Alter Fate: I learn the guidance cantrip. Additionally, when a creature I can see within 60 feet of me makes an ability check, saving throw, or attack roll, I can choose to expend one of my \"Magic Dice\" to alter the fate of the roll. If the targetis an enemy, I can decrease it's roll by 1d6. If the target is an ally, I can increase it's roll by 1d6.\n   Spells (Dice Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Cursed Dice (as bane; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Blessed Dice (as bless; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), augury (2 charges), fortune's favor (2 charges), or Voodoo Dice (as bestow curse; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Dice Hurricane): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to unleash a storm of magical dice in a 60-foot radius centered on me. The area becomes difficult terrain, and any creature in the area is subject to having their fate altered by the flying dice. When a creature within the area makes an ability check, saving throw, or attack roll, I can choose to alter the fate of the roll using my \"Alter Fate\" feature, without expending any \"Magic Dice\". This effect lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, and I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["guidance"],
		selection : ["guidance"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["bless", "bane"],
		selection : ["bless", "bane"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["augury", "fortune's favor"],
		selection : ["augury", "fortune's favor"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["bestow curse"],
		selection : ["bestow curse"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["lardu lardu no mi"] = {

	name : "Lardu Lardu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Lard Lard Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 26],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A cream colored bundles of grapes with peach colored swirls, their top layer feels a bit slimy compared to what one would expect. This fruit allows the user to alter and control the fat composition inside one's body to change its overall size and volume. Can also transplant this fat into other creatures.",
}

FeatsList["lardu lardu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Lardu Lardu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Lard Lard Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 26],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Lardu Lardu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Lardu Lardu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Lardu Lardu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Fat Transplant: I learn the ray of frost cantrip, which deals necrotic damage instead. Additionally, I can use an action to transplant fat from my body to other creatures within 30 feet of me. A creature targeted against its will must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC, or begin to gain an increasing amount of fat around its body. Each time a creature fails this saving throw, it takes 1d10 necrotic damage and its speed is reduced by 10 feet, down to a minimum of 10 feet of movement. A creature burns off this added fat when it completes a short or long rest. I cannot add fat to constructs this way.\n   Fat Form: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to transform my body into a fatter form, which greatly increases my weight for 1 minute. This halves my movement speed and I can't fly, but also grants me resistance to slashing, piercing, and bludgeoning damage. While in this form I also cannot be pushed or made prone thanks to my enhanced mass, but also gain disadvantage on Dexterity checks and saving throws. I can revert to my normal form as a bonus action.\n   Spells (Lard Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Layered Fat (as false life; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), enlarge/reduce (Enlarge only; 2 charges), or Rapid Fat Burning (as haste; Self, but cannot use in \"Fat Form\"; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Lethargic Lane): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cause each creature of my choice within a 60 ft. radius centered on me to fatten up for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. Each creature must succeed on a Constitution saving throw to avoid being fattened. For the duration, while fattened up, my enemies lose half their movement speed and can't fly (as per my \"Fat Form\" feature), but don't gain the same bonuses that I do. Additionally, they lose the ability to take the disengage or dash actions, and have disadvantage on Dexterity checks and saving throws. I can't use this action again until 24 hours have passed.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["ray of frost"],
		selection : ["ray of frost"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["false life"],
		selection : ["false life"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["enlarge/reduce"],
		selection : ["enlarge/reduce"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["haste"],
		selection : ["haste"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"haste" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["bottu bottu no mi"] = {

	name : "Bottu Bottu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Bottle Bottle Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 27],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A long baby blue fruit in a cylindrical shape, with dark blue swirls going around it, strangely it looks like it could quench my thirst. This fruit allows the user to create and manipulate bottles, or turn the bottles into magical cola drinks.",
}

FeatsList["bottu bottu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Bottu Bottu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bottle Bottle Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 26],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Lardu Lardu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Bottu Bottu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Bottu Bottu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Bottle Creation: I can use my action to magically create a bottle in my hand. The bottle can be of any size or shape I choose and can hold up to 1 gallon of liquid. I can have a total number of bottles equal to twice my proficiency bonus at once. I can dismiss any number of bottles using a bonus action, causing any liquid inside them to also be destroyed.\n   Bottle Projectile: I learn the magic stone cantrip, using bottles instead of stones.\n   Special Cola Delivery: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to fill a bottle I'm holding with a magical cola. This cola acts as any single common or uncommon potion of my choice when consumed. I can only have one potion effect active per bottle. The effects of the special cola drink expire after 24 hours, turning it into a regular cola that lacks carbonation.\n   Spells (Bottle Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: catapult (targeting a bottle I've created; 1 charge, can be cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Hero Cola (as heroism; 1 charge, can be cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Beast Cola (as enhance ability; 2 charges), or Revival Cola (as revivify; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Bottle Banquet): Once I've awakened my power, I create magic colas from the terrain around me, and I can use an action to grant up to 5 allies within 30 feet of me the effects of one of my special colas each for free (no charges or colas required for this ability). Additionally, as a part of the same action, I create up to 5 Rare potions of my choice, which can be distributed and consumed instantly by me or the targets of my awakening. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["magic stone"],
		selection : ["magic stone"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["catapult", "heroism"],
		selection : ["catapult", "heroism"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["enhance ability"],
		selection : ["enhance ability"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["revivify"],
		selection : ["revivify"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["dimmu dimmu no mi"] = {

	name : "Dimmu Dimmu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Dimming Dimming Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 27],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A black dragon fruit which appears lightly transparent, with a very faint purple light flickering from within. This fruit allows the user to manipulate light, causing areas to become dimmer or completely dark.",
}

FeatsList["dimmu dimmu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Dimmu Dimmu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dimming Dimming Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 27],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Dimmu Dimmu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Dimmu Dimmu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Dimmu Dimmu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Shadow Sight: I can see normally in darkness, both magical and non-magical, to a distance of 120 feet.\n   Area Dimming: As an action, I can create a 20-foot radius sphere of dim light centered on a point I choose within 60 feet. The sphere spreads around corners, and its area is lightly obscured. Alternatively, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge as apart of this action to make the area completely dark, making it heavily obscured for creatures without darkvision or light. It lasts for 1 minute or until I dismiss it as an action.\n   Cloak of Night: As a bonus action, I can wrap myself in a cloak of darkness. While in dim light or darkness, I can take the Hide action as a bonus action.\n   Spells (Dimming Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: darkness (2 charges), or hunger of hadar (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Total Blackout): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast the dark star spell, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	vision : ["Shadow Sight", 120],

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["darkness"],
		selection : ["darkness"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["hunger of hadar"],
		selection : ["hunger of hadar"],
		firstCol : 2
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["dullu dullu no mi"] = {

	name : "Dullu Dullu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Dulling Dulling Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 28],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A gray, colorless pineapple-like fruit, however all the points and leaves are unnaturally dull to touch. This fruit grants the user the power to drain the colorand sharpness from their surroundings, making everything appear dull and lifeless.",
}

FeatsList["dullu dullu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Dullu Dullu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dulling Dulling Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 28],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Dullu Dullu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Dullu Dullu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Dullu Dullu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Dulling Aura: As a dulling being, I can emanate an aura of dullness that affects a 5-foot radius around me. I can activate or deactivate this aura as a bonus action. While the aura is active, all colors within the area become dull and muted, and creatures looking through or into the area have disadvantage on Perception checks that rely on sight. Additionally, any sharp or bladed traps, objects, or weapon receive a 1d4 reduction to damage rolls against me or other creatures within my Dulling Aura.\n   Dulling Glare: As an action, I can glare at an object or creature within 30 feet of me and drain its color. If the targetis a creature, it must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or become dull. Objects affected by this ability lose any vibrant or distinct colors they may have had. Creatures affected by this ability have disadvantage on Charisma-based skill checks and saving throws, as their appearance becomes less appealing. Additionally, the creature has disadvantage on any weapon attacks which deal slashing or piercing for the duration, as its sharp and pointy weapons lose their potency. The effect lasts for 1 minute, and a creature can make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC at the end of each of its turns to end the effect on itself.\n   Spells (Dulling Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Dulling Spray (as color spray, but removes color; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), blur (2 charges), or dispel magic (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (World of Dullness): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a 60-foot radius sphere of dullness centered on me. The area within the sphere becomes dull and colorless, and creatures of my choice within the area are affected by my \"Dulling Aura\". Additionally, each creature of my choice in the area is immune to the frightened or charmed condition. Enemy creatures within the area must succeed on a Constitution saving throw at the start of each turn or become dull until the start of their next turn. While dull, any piercing or slashing damage a creature deals becomes 0 for the duration. The area lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["color spray"],
		selection : ["color spray"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["blur"],
		selection : ["blur"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["dispel magic"],
		selection : ["dispel magic"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["dansu dansu no mi"] = {

	name : "Dansu Dansu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Dance Dance Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 28],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A black ball fruit that kind of looks like a disco ball, but instead of it being squares that reflect light, it's the swirls themselves that are tiny mirrors. This fruit allows the user to dance very well while forcing others to break into dance, which can be incredibly useful if I wish to create a popular band.",
}

FeatsList["dansu dansu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Dansu Dansu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dance Dance Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 28],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Dansu Dansu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Dansu Dansu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Dansu Dansu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Enhanced Rhythm: I gain proficiency in the Performance skill, and gain advantage on checks made to dance. Additionally, I have advantage on saving throws against being slowed or immobilized.\n   Dance Performance: As an action, I can choose to perform one of the following dance styles and gain its benefits for up to 1 minute. I cannot perform multiple dances simultaneously. I must concentrate on maintaining these performances, as if concentrating on a spell:\n     Disco: As I perform a lively disco dance, I exude an aura of energy in a 30-foot radius centered on me. Me and my allies within the aura have advantage on Charisma-based skill checks.\n     Hip Hop: With my hip hop performance, I channel raw energy. My movement speed increases by 15 feet.\n     Tango: As I perform a passionate tango, I can choose one willing creature within 5 feet of me to be my dance partner. While I maintain the tango, both me and my partner gain a +2 bonus to AC, and I can move through other creatures' spaces without provoking opportunity attacks. If my partner is separated from me by more than 5 feet, the effect ends for both of me.\n     Waltz: My graceful waltz mesmerizes those around me. As long as I maintain the waltz, I have advantage on Acrobatics checks, and hostile creatures within 30 feet of me have disadvantage on saving throws against being charmed.\n     Ballet: My elegant ballet dance enchants the area around me. While I maintain the ballet, I gain a flying speed of 30 feet, which only lasts during my turn, after which I fall to the ground if I'm midair.\n   Spells (Dancing Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Uncontrollable Breakdance (as tasha's hideous laughter; 1 charge), Flawless Footwork (as kinetic jaunt; 2 charges), or Hypnotic Dance (as hypnotic pattern, forcing creatures to dance in place if they fail; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Dance of Domination): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to perform a mesmerizing dance in a 30-foot radius centered on me. Each creature of my choice in the area must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, creatures are affected by the otto's irresistable dance spell. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	skills : ["Performance"],

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["tasha's hideous laughter"],
		selection : ["tasha's hideous laughter"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["kinetic jaunt"],
		selection : ["kinetic jaunt"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["hypnotic pattern"],
		selection : ["hypnotic pattern"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["stinku stinku no mi"] = {

	name : "Stinku Stinku no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Stink Stink Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 29],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A toxic green devil fruit that looks like a bumpy cloud, it's swirls are a darker shade of green. This fruit grants the user the ability to produce and control foul odors, making them a Stinking Human. The user can release these odors in various ways to affect their surroundings and others.",
}

FeatsList["stinku stinku no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Stinku Stinku no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Stink Stink Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 29],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Stinku Stinku no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Stinku Stinku no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Stinku Stinku no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Stench Resistance: I'm immune to the effects of my own stink and any other stinking or nauseating effects.\n   Skunk Spary: I learn the poison spray cantrip.\n   Stinking Aura: As an action, I can activate an aura of stink that extends 5 feet from me in all directions for up to 1 minute. Any creature that enters or starts its turn in the area must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or become poisoned until the start of their next turn. On a successful saving throw, the creature is immune to my Stinking Aura for 24 hours. I can deactivate the aura as a bonus action.\n   Stink Bomb: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to create and hurl a stink bomb at a point within 60 feet. The bomb explodes in a 20-foot radius cloud of foul odor, which lingers for 1 minute. Any creature in the cloud must make a Constitution saving throw against your Devil Fruit save DC or be poisoned for 1 minute. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself with a successful save. On a successful saving throw, the creature is immune to my Stink Bomb for 24 hours.\n   Spells (Stink Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: ray of sickness (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), or stinking cloud (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Foul Miasma): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to release a miasma of stink in a 60-foot radius centered on me. The area in the radius acts as the cloudkill spell, except me and my allies are immune to its effects, but cannot see through it. The miasma lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["poison spray"],
		selection : ["poison spray"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["ray of sickness"],
		selection : ["ray of sickness"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["stinking cloud"],
		selection : ["stinking cloud"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kosui kosui no mi"] = {

	name : "Kosui Kosui no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Perfume Perfume Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 29],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A violet, delicate-looking fruit with a soft, velvety texture. It has pink, wavy patterns covering its surface and exudes a sweet, alluring aroma. This fruit grants the user the ability to produce and control various perfumes with different effects, making them a Perfume Human. The user can release these perfumes in various ways to affect their surroundings and others.",
}

FeatsList["kosui kosui no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kosui Kosui no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Perfume Perfume Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 29],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kosui Kosui no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kosui Kosui no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kosui Kosui no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Perfume Resistance: I'm immune to the effects of my own perfumes and any other perfumes or scents.\n   Pleasant Aroma: I learn the friends cantrip, no material components required.\n   Scented Arua: As an action, I can activate an aura of pleasant perfume that extends 5 feet from me in all directions for up to 1 minute. Any creature that enters or starts its turn in the area can choose to be charmed by me until the start of their next turn. The charmed creature regards me as a friendly acquaintance. On a successful saving throw, the creature is immune to my Scented Aura for 24 hours. I can deactivate the aura as a bonus action.\n   Spells (Perfume Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Charming Perfume (charm person; 1 charge and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Enchanting Perfume (as suggestion; 2 charges), Hypnotizing Perfume (as hypnotic pattern, 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Enchanting Fragrence): Once I've awakened my power, I can release a powerful fragrance into the air around me, allowing me to cast mass suggestion, no spell slots or material components required. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["friends"],
		selection : ["friends"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["charm person"],
		selection : ["charm person"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["suggestion"],
		selection : ["suggestion"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["hypnotic pattern"],
		selection : ["hypnotic pattern"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["boxu boxu no mi"] = {

	name : "Boxu Boxu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Box Box Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 30],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A brown cube fruit that has cream swirls covering the surface, which grants the user the ability to create and manipulate boxes of various sizes and materials, making them a Box Human. The user can use these boxes for storage, transportation, or even as a weapon.",
}

FeatsList["boxu boxu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Boxu Boxu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Box Box Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 30],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Boxu Boxu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Boxu Boxu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Boxu Boxu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Box Creation: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to create a 5-foot square magic box in my hands. The box can be of any appearance or texture I choose, as long as it fits within a 5-foot cube. I can have a total number of boxes equal to my proficiency bonus at once. I can dismiss any number of boxes as a bonus action, causing any contents inside them to spill out. Boxes are able to be destroyed, having 20 HP and 11 AC. If a box is destroyed, objects stored within spill out.\n   Box Storage: As an action, I can touch an object with a box and store it within the box. The object must be no larger than a 5-foot cube. I can store up to three objects in a single box. As an action, I can touch the box and release one stored object, which appears in an unoccupied space within 5 feet of me.\n   Box Teleportation: As an action, I can link two adjacent boxes I have created together by touching them. For 1 hour, any creature that steps into one of the linked boxes using 15 feet of movement to climb into a box magically teleports and appears within the other linked box. I can spend an action to seal the lid of a box from the top, which blocks any creatures from emerging from it, or an action to unseal it. Once I use this action to link two boxes together, I cannot do so again for another 24 hours.\n   Mystery Box: As an action, me or an ally can place a box on the ground within 5 feet of me and make it a Mystery Box. It retains these properties for 1 minute, or until I end it as a bonus action. As an additional bonus action, so long as a box remains a mystery box, I can clap my hands together and cause it to trigger a random effect centered on itself. If I do so, I roll a d10 on the Mystery Box table below to determine the effect. The duration of any effect or spell created by the box is 1 minute, after which the box is destroyed. The DC or modifier of any spell or effect it triggers is equal to my Devil Fruit spell save DC or modifier.\n     d10   Effect\n     1     Roll twice on this table, triggering two effects on this table instead of one and re-rolling if you get this result again.\n     2     The box spits out 1d4 magic cookies at the start of each of your turns, which act as goodberries when consumed.\n     3     The box transforms into a wooden Dire Wolf, which is considered a construct, for the duration and attacks any creature closest to it.\n     4     The box animates (as if casting animate objects on a medium sized object), and fights for you for the duration.\n     5     Any creature within 10 feet of the box must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or become transformed into a box until the end of its next turn, becoming incapacitated for the duration.\n     6     The box spits out a Wand of Magic Missiles, which is immediately identified by every creature that sees it, and it lasts for the duration of the box.\n     7     Every creature within 30 feet of the box becomes vulnerable to bludgeoning damage for the duration.\n     8     The box releases five +3 pieces of ammunition that can be used by any ranged weapon, which lose their magical properties after the duration ends.\n     9     The box casts healing word on the creature closest to it at the start of each of your turns.\n     10    Roll a d100, and the box casts a random Wild Magic Surge effect from itself, using your modifiers.\n   Spells (Box Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Box Blast (as thunderwave; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Box Toss (as shatter; 2 charges), or Box Shelter (as leomund's tiny hut; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Box Prison): Once awakened, I can cast forcecage, without expending a spell slot or material components, which appears as an opaque and invincible box material. After I use this action, I can't use it again for 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["thunderwave"],
		selection : ["thunderwave"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["shatter"],
		selection : ["shatter"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["leomund's tiny hut"],
		selection : ["leomund's tiny hut"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["haku haku no mi"] = {

	name : "Haku Haku no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Vomit Vomit Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 31],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A beige fruit with green swirls, it's form is soft and slightly malleable before eating, which is definitely unappealing. This fruit grants the user the ability to regurgitate dangerous and destructive substances from their mouth, making them a Vomit Human.",
}

FeatsList["haku haku no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Haku Haku no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Vomit Vomit Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 31],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Haku Haku no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Haku Haku no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Haku Haku no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Acid Spit: I learn the acid splash cantrip to \"hurl\" at my enemies. Additionally, I'm immune to acid damage.\n   Vomit Stream: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to shoot a stream of vomit from my mouth at a target creature within 30 feet. The target must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or take 2d8 acid damage. Unless the target avoids taking any of this damage, any non-magical metal armor worn by the target takesa permanent -1 penalty to the AC it offers, and any non-magical metal weapon it is carrying or wearing takes a permanent -1 penalty to damage rolls. The penalty worsens each time a target is subjected to this effect. If the penalty on an object drops to -5, the object is destroyed.\n   Spells (Vomit Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Caustic Vomit (as tasha's caustic brew; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Vomit Arrow (as acid arrow; 2 charges), or Explosive Vomit (as fireball; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Vomit Torrent): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a massive torrent of vomit in a 30-foot radius aura centered on me, which lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. When I activate this awakening, I can designate any number of creatures I can see to be unaffected by it. An affected creature's speed ishalved in the area, and when the creature enters the area for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there, it must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 7d8 acid damage and is subjected to my \"Vomit Stream's\" armor and weapon penalties. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't subjected to my \"Vomit Stream's\" effects. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["acid splash"],
		selection : ["acid splash"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["tasha's caustic brew"],
		selection : ["tasha's caustic brew"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["acid arrow"],
		selection : ["acid arrow"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fireball"],
		selection : ["fireball"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kagi kagi no mi"] = {

	name : "Kagi Kagi no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Key Key Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 31],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A golden lock shaped fruit with the stem forming the handle, dark gray swirls go around the fruit except the center which is a black keyhole symbol. This fruit grants the user the ability to create and manipulate keys, making them a Key Human. The user can use these keys to unlock or lock any lock, as well as create weapons made of keys.",
}

FeatsList["kagi kagi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kagi Kagi no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Key Key Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 31],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kagi Kagi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kagi Kagi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kagi Kagi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Key Creation: As an action, I can create a key that can open a single mundane door, lid, or lock that I can see and touch within 5 feet. The key can be any shape or size I choose, as long as it fits into the lock and isn't larger than 5 feet in length. This key only work on standard locks, and does not allow me to unlock more complex doors, contraptions, or magical devices.\n   Master Key: As an action, I spend 3 devil fruit charges to create a Master Key, which disappears after 1 minute has passed. When I attempt to unlock, disable, or otherwise manipulate any contraption that would require thieves tools or a single unlocking device, I automatically succeed on any checks with the master key. Once this master key is used, it is destroyed.\n   Key Blade: As an action, I can target a single melee weapon I'm proficient with my devil fruit powers. It now becomes a \"Key\" weapon, which can bypass any resistance to non-magical damage from the selected weapon's damage type. I can only have one Key weapon at a time, and any time I create a new Key weapon, any previous Key weapons I have made revert back to their original form and properties.\n   Spells (Key Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Magic Keychain (as magic missile; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), arcane lock (2 charges), knock (2 charges), or glyph of warding (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Key Swarm): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a massive swarm of keys in a 60-foot radius centered on me. The area becomes difficult terrain, and any creature of my choice within the area which enters the area for the first time during its turn or starts its turn in the area must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure, the creature takes 2d6 force damage and is stunned until the start of its next turn, becoming \"Locked\" for the duration. On a successful save, the creature takes half damage and is not stunned. A creature can repeat this save at the end of each of its turns. The swarm lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["magic missile"],
		selection : ["magic missile"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["arcane lock", "knock"],
		selection : ["arcane lock", "knock"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["glyph of warding"],
		selection : ["glyph of warding"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["ikari ikari no mi"] = {

	name : "Ikari Ikari no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Anger Anger Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 32],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A blood red watermelon with black swirls, with vein-like protrusions across it, which grants the user the ability to manipulate and harness the power of anger, making them an Anger Human. The user to fling themselves into a superhuman rage, or make others do so.",
}

FeatsList["ikari ikari no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ikari Ikari no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Anger Anger Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 32],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ikari Ikari no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ikari Ikari no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ikari Ikari no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Mental Resistance: I become immune to the charmed and frightened conditions.\n   Reckless Anger: By increasing my anger, I can throw aside all concern for defense to attack with fierce desperation. When I make my first attack on my turn, I can decide to a⁠ttack recklessly. Doing so gives me advantage on melee weapon a⁠ttack rolls during this turn, but atta⁠ck rolls against me have advantage until my next turn.\n   Anger Amplification: As an action, I can expend 1 devil fruit charge to amplify the anger within a creature within 60 feet of me. The creature must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature is affected by the confusion spell for 1 minute, and deals an extra 1d6 damage of its weapon's damage type on each of its melee weapon attacks for the duration. At the end of each of its turns, an affected target can make a Wisdom saving throw. If it succeeds, this effect ends for that target, and it becomes immune to my Anger Amplifcaiton for the next 24 hours.\n   Spells (Anger Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: wrathful smite (1 charge), compelled duel (1 charge), enthrall (2 charges), or haste (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Rage Tempest): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a storm of anger in a 60-foot radius centered on me. Any creature of my choice within the area when it is first created must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or take 2d6 psychic damage and becomes consumed by anger, falling victim to the effects of my \"Anger Amplification\" for the duration. The creature can repeat this save at the end of each of its turns. If a creature succeeds on a save, it is immune to this effect for 24 hours. This awakening effect lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["charmed", "frightened"],
	},

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["wrathful smite", "compelled duel"],
		selection : ["wrathful smite", "compelled duel"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["enthrall"],
		selection : ["enthrall"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["haste"],
		selection : ["haste"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["rubbu rubbu no mi"] = {

	name : "Rubbu Rubbu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Friction Friction Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 32],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "An orange kiwi type fruit with hair only on the pink swirls, causing the fruit to either feel rough or smooth depending on where I touch it. This fruit grants the user the ability to manipulate and control friction, making them a Friction Human. The user can increase or decrease friction within a certain radius.",
}

FeatsList["rubbu rubbu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Rubbu Rubbu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Friction Friction Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 32],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Rubbu Rubbu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Rubbu Rubbu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Rubbu Rubbu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Frictionless Fighter: I'm completely immune to difficult terrain caused by natural environments, I have 10 feet of extra movement, and my movement speed cannot be reduced by my devil fruit's spells or abilities.\n   Friction Control: As an action, I can increase or decrease the friction within a 20-foot radius centered on a point I can see within 60 feet. The area becomes either high-friction or low-friction, respectively. If the area is high-friction, it becomes difficult terrain. If the area is low-friction, creatures move at twice their movement speed within the area. The effect lasts for 1 minute or until I use this feature again.\n   Spells (Friction Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Decreased Friction (as grease; 1 charge), Total Friction (as hold person; 2 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), or Friction Zone (as plant growth; affecting any area, not just plants; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Friction Mastery): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to manipulate friction on a grand scale. I can increase or decrease the friction within a 120-foot radius centered on a point I can see within 300 feet, and the area becomes difficult terrain. A creature that moves inside the area or starts its turn in the area must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC if it moves into the area or starts inside the area during its turn. On a failure, if the area is frictionless, the creature falls prone, taking 2d8 bludgeoning damage, and cannot stand up for the rest of its turn, sliding in a random direction for up to half the target's movement, taking up it's full movement. Alternatively, on a failure, if the area has enhanced friction, the target takes 2d8 fire damage from the friction and is restrained until the end of its turn. My allies are immune to the effects of this area. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["grease"],
		selection : ["grease"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["hold person"],
		selection : ["hold person"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["plant growth"],
		selection : ["plant growth"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["garas garas no mi"] = {

	name : "Garas Garas no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Glass Glass Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 33],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A shiny and clear cluster of crystal grapes, with silvery swirls on each grape. The stem itself is still completely visible. This fruit grants the user the ability to create glass out of any material, making them a Glass Human. The user can also transmute objects into glass objects, manipulate existing glass, and change the properties of glass.",
}

FeatsList["garas garas no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Garas Garas no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Glass Glass Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 33],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Garas Garas no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Garas Garas no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Garas Garas no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Light Refraction: I can control the air around me as if it were glass, allowing me to refract light in different ways. I learn the minor illusion and word of radiance cantrips, no material components required.\n   Glass Transmutation: As an action, I can make a Larger or smaller object, or up to a 10-foot area of an object or material, into clear glass. The object retains its durability and stats, but can be seen through by me and other creatures as if it is fully transparent glass. I can also make this glass one-way, only allowing creatures to see through it from one side, while the other sides are opaque when viewing it from a different angle, allowing for the user to spy on others very effectively. The effect lasts for 1 minute or until I use this feature again.\n   Mirror Reflection: As a bonus action, I can use 1 devil fruit charge to create a mirror-like surface on any glass object I can see within 30 feet, which lasts for 1 minute or until the object is destroyed. The mirror reflects light and can be used to blind creatures. Each creature which starts its turn within 15 feet of the mirror must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be blinded until the end of their turn.\n   Spells (Glass Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Refractive Bolt (as guiding bolt; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), silent image (1 charge), mirror image (2 charges), Refractive Beam (as moonbeam; 2 charges), or Refractive Zone (as spirit guardians; radiant damage only; 3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Glass Mastery): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to manipulate the refraction of light on a grand scale, allowing me to cast sunburst, without expending a spell slot or material components. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["minor illusion", "word of radiance"],
		selection : ["minor illusion", "word of radiance"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["guiding bolt", "silent image"],
		selection : ["guiding bolt", "silent image"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["mirror image", "moonbeam"],
		selection : ["mirror image", "moonbeam"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["spirit guardians"],
		selection : ["spirit guardians"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["warau warau no mi"] = {

	name : "Warau Warau no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Laugh Laugh Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 33],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A rose colored lemon in the shape of lips, the swirls are a deep red like a nice shade of lipstick, which grants the user the ability to manipulate laughter, making them a Laughter Human. The user can induce laughter in others, manipulate the volume and tone of laughter, and even use laughter to create shockwaves.",
}

FeatsList["warau warau no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Warau Warau no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Laugh Laugh Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 33],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Warau Warau no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Warau Warau no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Warau Warau no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Mental Resillience: I'm resistant to psychic damage, as I'm always in high spirits.\n   Mocking Joke: I learn the vicious mockery cantrip, forcing targets to laugh uncontrollably from my jokes. When a creature fails their saving throw against this cantrip when I use it, they also fall prone due to laughter.\n   Laughter Manipulation: I gain proficiency in the Performance and Persuasion skills. I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to gain advantage on any Charisma check, as I induce a state of eurphoric laughter in creatures around me.\n   Joyful Aura: As an action, I can expend 1 devil fruit charge to create an aura of joy and laughter around me. For 1 minute, all creatures within a 10-foot radius of me have advantage on saving throws against being frightened and gain temporary HP equal to twice my proficiency bonus at the start of each of their turns.\n   Spells (Laughter Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: tasha's hideous laughter (1 charge), calm emotions (2 charges), Booming Laughter (as shatter; 2 charges), or beacon of hope (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Laughter Overdrive): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to unleash an overwhelming wave of laughter energy. Each creature within a 30-foot radius of me must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature falls prone, becoming incapacitated with laughter for 1 minute, during which it can't speak or move. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on a success. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	dmgres : ["Psychic"],

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["vicious mockery"],
		selection : ["vicious mockery"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["tasha's hideous laughter"],
		selection : ["tasha's hideous laughter"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["calm emotions", "shatter"],
		selection : ["calm emotions", "shatter"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["beacon of hope"],
		selection : ["beacon of hope"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kiku kiku no mi"] = {

	name : "Kiku Kiku no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Hearing Hearing Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 34],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A white apple with peach coloured swirls going along it, the stem growing in a volume symbol to represent sound. This fruit grants the user the ability to manipulate their hearing and the volume of sounds around them, making them a Hearing Human.",
}

FeatsList["kiku kiku no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kiku Kiku no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Hearing Hearing Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 34],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kiku Kiku no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kiku Kiku no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kiku Kiku no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Hearing Aids: I'm immune to being deafened, and gain resistance to thunder damage.\n   Enhanced Hearing: I gain proficiency in the Perception skill, and I have advantage on Perception checks that rely on hearing.\n   Tuning In: I gain blindsight up to a range of 40 feet. As an action, I can amplify any sound I can hear within 120 feet. I can make a whisper audible to everyone in the area, cause a normal conversation to become deafening, or make a loud noise even louder. I can also focus my hearing to listen to a specific conversation or sound within range, even if it's behind a closed door or wall.\n   Spells (Hearing Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast oneof the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: dissonant whispers (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), silence (2 charges), or shatter (2 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Sonic Resonance): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create an intense sonic resonance in a 30-foot radius centered on me. Each creature in the area must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature takes 7d10 thunder damage, is deafened for 1 minute, and is knocked prone. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't deafened or knocked prone. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	dmgres : ["Thunder"],

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["deafened"],
	},

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["dissonant whispers"],
		selection : ["dissonant whispers"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["silence", "shatter"],
		selection : ["silence", "shatter"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["snapu snapu no mi"] = {

	name : "Snapu Snapu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Snap Snap Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 34],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A black pear-shaped fruit with a white crack down the middle. On both sides of the crack, the swirls seem to be going in opposite directions. This fruit grants the user the ability to create powerful elemental attacks by snapping their fingers, making them a Snapping Human. The user can unleash bursts of fire, bolts of electricity, or gusts of wind with a simple snap.",
}

FeatsList["snapu snapu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Snapu Snapu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Snap Snap Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 34],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Snapu Snapu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Snapu Snapu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Snapu Snapu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Deadly Snapping: I learn the fire bolt, gust, and lightning lure cantrips, no material components required.\n   Elemental Snap: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to snap my fingers and choose one of the following elemental effects: Fire Snap, Electric Snap, or Wind Snap. Each elemental snap has a range of 60 feet and targets a creature or point I can see within range:\n     Fire Snap: The target must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the target takes 2d6 fire damage and catches on fire. At the start of each of its turns, a creature on fire takes 1d6 fire damage. A creature can use its action to put out the flames, ending the effect.\n     Electric Snap: The target must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the target takes 2d6 lightning damage and is paralyzed until the end of its next turn. On a successful save, the target takes half as much damage and isn't paralyzed.\n     Wind Snap: The target must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the target takes 2d6 bludgeoning damage and is pushed 15 feet away from me. On a successful save, the target takes half as much damage and isn't pushed.\n   Spells (Snap Techniques): This devil fruit power has 5 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: chaos bolt (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), gust of wind (2 charges), fireball (3 charges), or lightning bolt (3 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Final Snap): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to unleash a massive elemental explosion in a 60-foot cone originating from me. Each creature in the cone must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature takes 5d6 fire damage, 5d6 lightning damage, and is pushed to the end of the cone and knocked prone. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't pushed or knocked prone. After using this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 5,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 5",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["fire bolt", "gust", "lightning lure"],
		selection : ["fire bolt", "gust", "lightning lure"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["chaos bolt"],
		selection : ["chaos bolt"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["gust of wind"],
		selection : ["gust of wind"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fireball", "lightning bolt"],
		selection : ["fireball", "lightning bolt"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["inu inu no mi, model: dalmation"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Dalmation",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Dalmation",

	source : ["DFE", 35],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a fuzzy white grapefruit with black spots covering its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a dalmation.",
}

FeatsList["inu inu no mi, model: dalmation, consumed"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Dalmation, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Dalmation, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 35],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Dalmation",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Dalmation, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Dalmation, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Wolf (reflavored as a dalmation). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: lizard"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Lizard",

	nameAlt : "Reptile Reptile Fruit, Model: Lizard",

	source : ["DFE", 35],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a lime green orange with darker scale-like patterns across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a lizard.",
}

FeatsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: lizard, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Lizard, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Lizard, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 35],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Lizard",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Lizard, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Lizard, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Lizard. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: pig"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Pig",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Pig",

	source : ["DFE", 36],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a light pink apple with brown swirls across it and a swirly stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a pig.",
}

FeatsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: pig, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Pig, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Pig, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 36],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Pig",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Pig, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Pig, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Boar (reflavored as a pig). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: cow"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Cow",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Cow",

	source : ["DFE", 36],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a white watermelon with black blotches across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a cow.",
}

FeatsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: cow, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Cow, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Cow, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 36],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Cow",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Cow, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Cow, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Cow. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["uma uma no mi, model: pony"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Pony",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Pony",

	source : ["DFE", 37],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a beige tangarine with a fuzzy brown top and a swirly stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a pony.",
}

FeatsList["uma uma no mi, model: pony, consumed"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Pony, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Pony, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 37],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Pony",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Pony, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Pony, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Pony. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["hito hito no mi, model: human"] = {

	name : "Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Human",

	nameAlt : "Human Human Fruit, Model: Human",

	source : ["DFE", 37],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a red-topped mushroom with swirls across it and a green stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a human.",
}

FeatsList["hito hito no mi, model: human, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Human, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Human Human Fruit, Model: Human, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 37],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Human",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Human, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Human, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Guard. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["uma uma no mi, model: camel"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Camel",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Camel",

	source : ["DFE", 38],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a brown apple with unusually large lumps at the top and a swirly stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a camel.",
}

FeatsList["uma uma no mi, model: camel, consumed"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Camel, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Camel, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 38],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Camel",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Camel, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Camel, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Camel. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["nezu nezu no mi, model: rat"] = {

	name : "Nezu Nezu no Mi, Model: Rat",

	nameAlt : "Mouse Mouse Fruit, Model: Rat",

	source : ["DFE", 38],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a gray pear with brown patches across it and a swirly beige stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a rat.",
}

FeatsList["nezu nezu no mi, model: rat, consumed"] = {

	name : "Nezu Nezu no Mi, Model: Rat, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Mouse Mouse Fruit, Model: Rat, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 38],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Nezu Nezu no Mi, Model: Rat",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Nezu Nezu no Mi, Model: Rat, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Nezu Nezu no Mi, Model: Rat, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Rat. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kani kani no mi, model: crab"] = {

	name : "Kani Kani no Mi, Model: Crab",

	nameAlt : "Crab Crab Fruit, Model: Crab",

	source : ["DFE", 39],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a hard, dark-red dragonfruit with white swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a crab.",
}

FeatsList["kani kani no mi, model: crab, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kani Kani no Mi, Model: Crab, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Crab Crab Fruit, Model: Crab, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 39],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kani Kani no Mi, Model: Crab",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kani Kani no Mi, Model: Crab, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kani Kani no Mi, Model: Crab, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Crab. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["shika shika no mi, model: deer"] = {

	name : "Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Deer",

	nameAlt : "Deer Deer Fruit, Model: Deer",

	source : ["DFE", 39],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a brown Fig with black swirls across its surface, and a sharp sprouting stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a deer.",
}

FeatsList["shika shika no mi, model: deer, consumed"] = {

	name : "Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Deer, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Deer Deer Fruit, Model: Deer, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 39],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Deer",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Deer, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Deer, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Elk (reflavored as a deer). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["gama gama no mi, model: frog"] = {

	name : "Gama Gama no Mi, Model: Frog",

	nameAlt : "Frog Frog Fruit, Model: Frog",

	source : ["DFE", 40],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a sticky green gooseberry with red spots across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a frog.",
}

FeatsList["gama gama no mi, model: frog, consumed"] = {

	name : "Gama Gama no Mi, Model: Frog, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Frog Frog Fruit, Model: Frog, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 40],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Gama Gama no Mi, Model: Frog",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Gama Gama no Mi, Model: Frog, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Gama Gama no Mi, Model: Frog, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Frog. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["guma guma no mi, model: wolf spider"] = {

	name : "Guma Guma no Mi, Model: Wolf Spider",

	nameAlt : "Spider Spider Fruit, Model: Wolf Spider",

	source : ["DFE", 40],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a dark brown plum with purple swirls across its surface and eight sharp stems emerging from its top. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a wolf spider.",
}

FeatsList["guma guma no mi, model: wolf spider, consumed"] = {

	name : "Guma Guma no Mi, Model: Wolf Spider, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Spider Spider Fruit, Model: Wolf Spider, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 40],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Guma Guma no Mi, Model: Wolf Spider",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Guma Guma no Mi, Model: Wolf Spider, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Guma Guma no Mi, Model: Wolf Spider, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Wolf Spider. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: millipede"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Millipede",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Millipede",

	source : ["DFE", 41],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a hard, dark red durian fruit with black swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a millipede.",
}

FeatsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: millipede, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Millipede, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Millipede, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 41],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Millipede",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Millipede, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Millipede, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Centipede (reflavored as a giant millipede). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: rothe"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Rothe",

	source : ["DFE", 41],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a dark brown date with two white swirly stems. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a rothe.",
}

FeatsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: rothe, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Rothe, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 41],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Rothe",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Rothe, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Rothe, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Rothe. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["tanuki tanuki no mi, model: honey badger"] = {

	name : "Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Honey Badger",

	nameAlt : "Badger Badger Fruit, Model: Honey Badger",

	source : ["DFE", 42],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a light brown guava with dark brown and white stripes across it, and a swirly black stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a honey badger.",
}

FeatsList["tanuki tanuki no mi, model: honey badger, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Honey Badger, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Badger Badger Fruit, Model: Honey Badger, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 42],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Honey Badger",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Honey Badger, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Honey Badger, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Badger. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: mamba"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Mamba",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Mamba",

	source : ["DFE", 42],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a dark gray plated custard apple, looking to be coiled around itself. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a mamba snake.",
}

FeatsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: mamba, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Mamba, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Mamba, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 42],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Mamba",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Mamba, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Mamba, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Poisonous Snake. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["tanuki tanuki no mi, model: weasel"] = {

	name : "Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Weasel",

	nameAlt : "Badger Badger Fruit, Model: Weasel",

	source : ["DFE", 43],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a yellow durian with brown swirls across it. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a weasel.",
}

FeatsList["tanuki tanuki no mi, model: weasel, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Weasel, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Badger Badger Fruit, Model: Weasel, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 43],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Weasel",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Weasel, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Weasel, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Weasel. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["yagi yagi no mi, model: goat"] = {

	name : "Yagi Yagi no Mi, Model: Goat",

	nameAlt : "Sheep Sheep Fruit, Model: Goat",

	source : ["DFE", 43],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a white cranberry with black swirls and a hard swirly brown stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a goat.",
}

FeatsList["yagi yagi no mi, model: goat, consumed"] = {

	name : "Yagi Yagi no Mi, Model: Goat, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Sheep Sheep Fruit, Model: Goat, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 43],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Yagi Yagi no Mi, Model: Goat",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Yagi Yagi no Mi, Model: Goat, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Yagi Yagi no Mi, Model: Goat, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Goat. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["tori tori no mi, model: axe beak"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Axe Beak",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Axe Beak",

	source : ["DFE", 44],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a light blue and purple feathered melon with light swirls across it. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a axe beak.",
}

FeatsList["tori tori no mi, model: axe beak, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Axe Beak, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Axe Beak, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 44],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Axe Beak",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Axe Beak, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Axe Beak, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Axe Beak. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["inu inu no mi, model: jackal"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Jackal",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Jackal",

	source : ["DFE", 45],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a beige pineapple with dark swirls across it and a black crown. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a jackal.",
}

FeatsList["inu inu no mi, model: jackal, consumed"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Jackal, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Jackal, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 45],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Jackal",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Jackal, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Jackal, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Wolf (reflavored as a jackal). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["uma uma no mi, model: horse"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Horse",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Horse",

	source : ["DFE", 45],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a small orange-brown coconut with red swirls across it. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a horse.",
}

FeatsList["uma uma no mi, model: horse, consumed"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Horse, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Horse, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 45],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Horse",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Horse, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Horse, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Riding Horse. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["shika shika no mi, model: elk"] = {

	name : "Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Elk",

	nameAlt : "Deer Deer Fruit, Model: Elk",

	source : ["DFE", 46],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a light beige cranberry with black swirls across it and a hard brown stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a elk.",
}

FeatsList["shika shika no mi, model: elk, consumed"] = {

	name : "Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Elk, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Deer Deer Fruit, Model: Elk, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 46],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Elk",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Elk, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Elk, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Elk. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["uma uma no mi, model: mule"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Mule",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Mule",

	source : ["DFE", 46],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a yellowish-brown fig with red swirls across it, and a black top half. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a mule.",
}

FeatsList["uma uma no mi, model: mule, consumed"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Mule, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Mule, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 46],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Mule",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Mule, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Mule, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Mule. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["neko neko no mi, model: cat"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Cat",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Cat",

	source : ["DFE", 47],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a yellow hawthorn fruit with red swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a cat.",
}

FeatsList["neko neko no mi, model: cat, consumed"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Cat, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Cat, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 47],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Cat",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Cat, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Cat, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Panther (reflavored as a cat). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["inu inu no mi, model: chihuahua"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Chihuahua",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Chihuahua",

	source : ["DFE", 47],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a small, light brown blueberry with black swirls across it, and a very short swirly stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a chihuahua.",
}

FeatsList["inu inu no mi, model: chihuahua, consumed"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Chihuahua, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Chihuahua, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 47],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Chihuahua",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Chihuahua, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Chihuahua, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Mastiff. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["inu inu no mi, model: golden retriever"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Golden Retriever",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Golden Retriever",

	source : ["DFE", 48],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a golden peach fruit with black swirls across its surface and a bone-shaped stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a golden retriever.",
}

FeatsList["inu inu no mi, model: golden retriever, consumed"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Golden Retriever, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Golden Retriever, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 48],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Golden Retriever",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Golden Retriever, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Golden Retriever, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Wolf (reflavored as a golden retriever). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["neko neko no mi, model: lynx"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Lynx",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Lynx",

	source : ["DFE", 48],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a small, dark durian with especailly long spikes and black swirls across it, and a very short jagged stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a lynx.",
}

FeatsList["neko neko no mi, model: lynx, consumed"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Lynx, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Lynx, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 48],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Lynx",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Lynx, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Lynx, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Panther (reflavored as a lynx). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["tokage tokage no mi, model: axolotl"] = {

	name : "Tokage Tokage no Mi, Model: Axolotl",

	nameAlt : "Lizard Lizard Fruit, Model: Axolotl",

	source : ["DFE", 49],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a deep blue apple with cloud-like swirls across its surface, and a soft slimy texture. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a axolotl.",
}

FeatsList["tokage tokage no mi, model: axolotl, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tokage Tokage no Mi, Model: Axolotl, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Lizard Lizard Fruit, Model: Axolotl, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 49],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tokage Tokage no Mi, Model: Axolotl",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tokage Tokage no Mi, Model: Axolotl, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tokage Tokage no Mi, Model: Axolotl, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Lizrad (reflavored as a axolotl). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["neko neko no mi, model: panther"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Panther",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Panther",

	source : ["DFE", 49],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a onyx-colored peach with barely visible light swirls across its surface, and a sharp white stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a panther.",
}

FeatsList["neko neko no mi, model: panther, consumed"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Panther, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Panther, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 49],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Panther",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Panther, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Panther, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Panther. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["nezu nezu no mi, model: porcupine"] = {

	name : "Nezu Nezu no Mi, Model: Porcupine",

	nameAlt : "Mouse Mouse Fruit, Model: Porcupine",

	source : ["DFE", 50],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a sea urchin-like durian fruit with a nearly impenetrable brown-colored exterior and black swirls. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a porcupine.",
}

FeatsList["nezu nezu no mi, model: porcupine, consumed"] = {

	name : "Nezu Nezu no Mi, Model: Porcupine, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Mouse Mouse Fruit, Model: Porcupine, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 50],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Nezu Nezu no Mi, Model: Porcupine",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Nezu Nezu no Mi, Model: Porcupine, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Nezu Nezu no Mi, Model: Porcupine, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Porcupine. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant porcupine"] = {

	name : "Giant Porcupine",

	source : ["DFE", 50],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 13,

	hd : [2, 8],

	speed : "30 ft, burrow 10 ft",

	scores : [13, 10, 15, 2, 12, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 30 ft",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/4",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 4, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [3, 1, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [3, 1, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Smell",
			description : "The porcupine has advantage on Perception checks that rely on smell."
		}, {
			name : "Quills",
			description : "Any creature that makes a melee attack within 5 feet of the giant porcupine must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw or take 1d6 piercing damage. Any creature that attempts to grapple the porcupine takes 1d6 piercing damage when they make the attempt and at the start of each of their turns they maintain the grapple."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["kame kame no mi, model: turtle"] = {

	name : "Kame Kame no Mi, Model: Turtle",

	nameAlt : "Turtle Turtle Fruit, Model: Turtle",

	source : ["DFE", 51],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears to resemble acustard apple with a nearly impenetrable dark green-colored exterior and white swirls. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a turtle.",
}

FeatsList["kame kame no mi, model: turtle, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kame Kame no Mi, Model: Turtle, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Turtle Turtle Fruit, Model: Turtle, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 51],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kame Kame no Mi, Model: Turtle",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kame Kame no Mi, Model: Turtle, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kame Kame no Mi, Model: Turtle, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Turtle. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant turtle"] = {

	name : "Giant Turtle",

	source : ["DFE", 51],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 17,

	hp : 13,

	hd : [2, 8],

	speed : "25 ft, swim 30 ft",

	scores : [15, 10, 15, 2, 12, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 30 ft",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/8",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 4, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Stable",
			description : "Whenever an effect knocks the turtle prone, it can make a DC 10 Constitution saving throw to avoid being knocked prone. A prone turtle is upside down. To stand up, it must succeed on a DC 10 Dexterity check on its turn and then use all its movement for that turn."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["kani kani no mi, model: lobster"] = {

	name : "Kani Kani no Mi, Model: Lobster",

	nameAlt : "Crab Crab Fruit, Model: Lobster",

	source : ["DFE", 52],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a plated, dark red pear with black spirals across its surface, and a dark red stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a lobster.",
}

FeatsList["kani kani no mi, model: lobster, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kani Kani no Mi, Model: Lobster, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Crab Crab Fruit, Model: Lobster, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 52],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kani Kani no Mi, Model: Lobster",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kani Kani no Mi, Model: Lobster, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kani Kani no Mi, Model: Lobster, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Crab (reflavored as a lobster). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["konchu konchu no mi, model: ant"] = {

	name : "Konchu Konchu no Mi, Model: Ant",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Ant",

	source : ["DFE", 52],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a small, hard black plum with gray swirls and two long black stems at the top. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a ant.",
}

FeatsList["konchu konchu no mi, model: ant, consumed"] = {

	name : "Konchu Konchu no Mi, Model: Ant, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Ant, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 52],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Konchu Konchu no Mi, Model: Ant",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Konchu Konchu no Mi, Model: Ant, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Konchu Konchu no Mi, Model: Ant, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Centipede (reflavored as a ant). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: ox"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Ox",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Ox",

	source : ["DFE", 53],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large dark-orange apple with two large white stems at the top. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a ox.",
}

FeatsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: ox, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Ox, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Ox, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 53],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Ox",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Ox, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Ox, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Cow (reflavored as a ox). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["buta buta no mi, model: boar"] = {

	name : "Buta Buta no Mi, Model: Boar",

	nameAlt : "Pig Pig Fruit, Model: Boar",

	source : ["DFE", 53],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as an orange gooseberry with a hard, slightly fuzzy exterior and a white stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a boar.",
}

FeatsList["buta buta no mi, model: boar, consumed"] = {

	name : "Buta Buta no Mi, Model: Boar, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Pig Pig Fruit, Model: Boar, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 53],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Buta Buta no Mi, Model: Boar",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Buta Buta no Mi, Model: Boar, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Buta Buta no Mi, Model: Boar, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Boar. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["tanuki tanuki no mi, model: wolverine"] = {

	name : "Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Wolverine",

	nameAlt : "Badger Badger Fruit, Model: Wolverine",

	source : ["DFE", 54],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as orange grapes with black swirls across its surface and sharp black branches connecting each berry. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a wolverine.",
}

FeatsList["tanuki tanuki no mi, model: wolverine, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Wolverine, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Badger Badger Fruit, Model: Boar, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 54],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Wolverine",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Wolverine, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tanuki Tanuki no Mi, Model: Wolverine, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Badger (reflavored as a wolverine). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: python"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Python",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Python",

	source : ["DFE", 54],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a hard orange cucumber with black and white stripes across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a python.",
}

FeatsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: python, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Python, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Python, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 54],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Python",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Python, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Python, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Constrictor Snake (reflavored as a python). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["yagi yagi no mi, model: sheep"] = {

	name : "Yagi Yagi no Mi, Model: Sheep",

	nameAlt : "Sheep Sheep Fruit, Model: Sheep",

	source : ["DFE", 55],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large white melon with large cloud-like swirls and a cotton-like consistency. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a sheep.",
}

FeatsList["yagi yagi no mi, model: sheep, consumed"] = {

	name : "Yagi Yagi no Mi, Model: Sheep, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Sheep Sheep Fruit, Model: Sheep, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 55],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Yagi Yagi no Mi, Model: Sheep",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Yagi Yagi no Mi, Model: Sheep, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Yagi Yagi no Mi, Model: Sheep, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Goat (reflavored as a sheep). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: stench kow"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Stench Kow",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Stench Kow",

	source : ["DFE", 55],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a mushy green durian with brown swirls across its surface, and stinks of spoiled milk. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a stench kow.",
}

FeatsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: stench kow, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Stench Kow, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Stench Kow, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 55],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Stench Kow",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Stench Kow, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Stench Kow, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Stench Kow. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: boa"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Boa",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Boa",

	source : ["DFE", 56],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a brown-beige armored pear with a coiled shape, and black circles decorating its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a boa constrictor.",
}

FeatsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: boa, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Boa, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Boa, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 56],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Boa",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Boa, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Boa, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Constrictor Snake (reflavored as a boa constrictor). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["uma uma no mi, model: zebra"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Zebra",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Zebra",

	source : ["DFE", 56],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "uncommon",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a white watermelon with black stripes across it, and a black horizontal stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a zebra.",
}

FeatsList["uma uma no mi, model: zebra, consumed"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Zebra, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Zebra, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 56],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Zebra",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Zebra, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Zebra, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Draft Horse (reflavored as a zebra). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["chiyu chiyu no mi"] = {

	name : "Chiyu Chiyu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Healing Healing Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 57],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A small pink cherry blossom-shaped fruit with intricate petal patterns, which grants the user the ability to heal wounds and restore vitality through tears. The user can also accelerate natural healing processes in living creatures.",
}

FeatsList["chiyu chiyu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Chiyu Chiyu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Healing Healing Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 57],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Chiyu Chiyu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Chiyu Chiyu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Chiyu Chiyu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Healing Hands: I have a pool of healing power that replenishes at the start of each dawn. With that pool, I can restore a total number of HP equal to my level × 5. As an action, I can touch a creature and draw power from the pool to restore a number of HP to that creature, up to the maximum amount remaining in my pool.\n   Spells (Healing Tears): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: cure wounds (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), lesser restoration (2 charges), aura of vitality (3 charges), greater restoration (4 charges), mass cure wounds (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Full Bloom): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast mass heal without expending any charges or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["cure wounds"],
		selection : ["cure wounds"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["lesser restoration"],
		selection : ["lesser restoration"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["aura of vitality"],
		selection : ["aura of vitality"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["greater restoration"],
		selection : ["greater restoration"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["mass cure wounds"],
		selection : ["mass cure wounds"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["choki choki no mi"] = {

	name : "Choki Choki no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Scissor Scissor Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 57],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A bright orange pineapple with an extra sharp rind and spiraling patterns across its surface. This fruit allows the user to transform any part of their body into scissors, which can be used to cut and manipulate objects and space as if they were paper. The user is also able to fold and transform objects or terrain that have been snipped.",
}

FeatsList["choki choki no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Choki Choki no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Scissor Scissor Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 57],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Choki Choki no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Choki Choki no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Choki Choki no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Scissor Hands: My hands can transform into scissors, granting me the ability to cut through non-magical materials effortlessly. My unarmed strikes deal an additional 1d6 slashing damage. I deal double damage to structures and objects with my unarmed strikes.\n   Material Cut: As an action, I can make an unarmed strike against any object or structure within range. If the attack hits and the object isn't made of seastone, I can carve or remove up to a 5-foot square of space out of the material. Theremoved material is then moved out into an empty space within 5 feet of me.\n   Spells (Cutting Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Snipping Hands (as burning hands, but dealing slashing damage instead; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), meld into stone (3 charges), stone shape (4 charges), wall of stone (5 charges), or passwall (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Spirit Thread Snip): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to perform a cutting technique that can sever even the threads of another creature's fighting spirit. Choose one creature I can see within 30 feet. The target must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature's ties to one feature or ability, such as spellcasting or a special attack, are severed, rendering it unable to use that ability until it completes a long rest. On a successful save, the creature takes 6d6 force damage. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["burning hands"],
		selection : ["cure wounds"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["meld into stone"],
		selection : ["meld into stone"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["stone shape"],
		selection : ["stone shape"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wall of stone", "passwall"],
		selection : ["wall of stone", "passwall"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["pero pero no mi"] = {

	name : "Pero Pero no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Candy Candy Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 58],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A colorful striped spherical fruit with a very long stem on the bottom of it, which grants the user the ability to create and manipulate candy at will. This candy can be used in various ways, from construction to combat, and has unique properties that allow it to be both hard as steel or soft and sticky.",
}

FeatsList["pero pero no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Pero Pero no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Candy Candy Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 58],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Pero Pero no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Pero Pero no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Pero Pero no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Candy Creation: I can create objects, weapons, or structures made of candy. These objects have a hardness and weight similar to steel but can be shaped and colored as I desire. As an action, I can create a candy object of a size up to a 5-foot cube. The object lasts for 1 hour or until I dismiss it.\n   Sweet Combat: Weapons I create from candy have the same properties as their normal counterparts but are considered magical for the purpose of overcoming resistances. I'm proficient with any candy weapon I create.\n   Candy Petrification: As an action, I can spend 5 devil fruit charges to attempt to petrify a creature within 30 feet of me, turning them into candy. The target must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature is affected by the flesh to stone spell and has one failure. On a success, the creature isn't affected.\n   Spells (Candy Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Candy Slug (tenser's floating disk; 1 charge), Candy Armor (mage armor; 1 charge), Candy Net (web; 2 charges), Candy Arrows (cordon of arrows; 2 charges), Candy Tentacles (evard's black tentacles; 4 charges), or Wall of Candy (wall of stone; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Candy Gallery): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cover everyone within 60 feet of me with an extremely sticky and hardening candy. Each creature of my choice in the area must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target is restrained. It must then make a Constitution saving throw at the end of each of its turns. If it successfully saves three times, the spell ends. If it fails its save three times, it permanently turns to stone and is subjected to the petrified condition. The successes and failures don't need to be consecutive; keep track of both until the target collects three of a kind. I can't use this feature again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["tenser's floating disk", "mage armor"],
		selection : ["tenser's floating disk", "mage armor"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["web", "cordon of arrows"],
		selection : ["web", "cordon of arrows"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		selection : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wall of stone"],
		selection : ["wall of stone"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["doru doru no mi"] = {

	name : "Doru Doru no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Wax Wax Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 58],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A long cylindrical pale yellow fruit, with dripping patterns that grants the user the ability to create and manipulate wax, using it to form structures, weapons, and barriers. The wax is as hard as steel and can be shaped into nearly any form.",
}

FeatsList["doru doru no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Doru Doru no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Wax Wax Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 58],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Doru Doru no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Doru Doru no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Doru Doru no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Wax Creation: I can create objects, weapons, or structures made of wax. These objects have a hardness similar to steel but can be molded into complex shapes. As an action, I can create a wax object of a size up to a 5-foot cube. The object lasts for 1 hour or until I dismiss it.\n   Wax Combat: Weapons I create from wax have the same properties as their normal counterparts but are considered magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance. I'm proficient with any wax weapon I create.\n   Wax Petrification: As an action, I can spend 5 devil fruit charges to attempt to petrify a creature within 30 feet of me, turning them into wax. The target must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature is affected by the flesh to stone spell and has one failure. On a success, the creature isn't affected.\n   Spells (Wax Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Wax Armor (mage armor; 1 charge), Wax Bind (hold person; 2 charges), Wax Clones (mirror image; 2 charges), Control Wax (as control water, but melting and controlling my wax instead of water; 4 charges), Wall of Wax (wall of stone; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Wax Sculptor): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a lifelike wax duplicate of an allied humanoid I can see within 60 feet. The duplicate acts as a simulacrum with half the HP of the original creature and follows my commands. The duplicate lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["mage armor"],
		selection : ["mage armor"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["hold person", "mirror image"],
		selection : ["hold person", "mirror image"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["control water"],
		selection : ["control water"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wall of stone"],
		selection : ["wall of stone"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["bomu bomu no mi"] = {

	name : "Bomu Bomu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Bomb Bomb Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 59],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A round, pink fruit with a stem that resembles a fuse, and spiral patterns across its surface. This fruit grants the user the ability to create and detonate explosions at will. The user can also infuse parts of their body with explosive energy.",
}

FeatsList["bomu bomu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Bomu Bomu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bomb Bomb Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 59],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Bomu Bomu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Bomu Bomu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Bomu Bomu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Bomb Body: My body becomes highly explosive. When I'm hit with a melee attack, I can use my reaction to cause an explosion, forcing the attacker to make a Dexterity saving throw (DC equal to my Devil Fruit save DC). On a failed save, they take 2d8 fire damage, or half as much damage on a successful one.\n   Explosive Creation: I learn the fire bolt cantrip. Additionally, I can touch an object no larger than a 5-foot square and imbue it with explosive energy as an action. As a bonus action, I can cause the object to explode if it is within 60 feet of me. Any creature within a 10-foot radius must make a Dexterity saving throw (DC as above), taking 3d8 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. Only a number of objects equal to my proficiency bonus can remain explosive at a time, and it can only remain explosive in this way for 1 hour.\n   Spells (Explosive Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Bombing Hands (burning hands; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Explosive Impact (shatter; 2 charges), Bomb Ball (fireball; 3 charges), Explosion Wall (wall of fire; 4 charges), and flame strike (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Final Detonation): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast delayed blast fireball, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["fire bolt"],
		selection : ["fire bolt"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["burning hands"],
		selection : ["burning hands"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["shatter"],
		selection : ["shatter"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fireball"],
		selection : ["fireball"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["wall of fire"],
		selection : ["wall of fire"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["flame strike"],
		selection : ["flame strike"],
		firstCol : 6
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["baku baku no mi"] = {

	name : "Baku Baku no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Munch Munch Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 59],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A square-shaped fruit, similar in appearance to a die, with a blue-purple color and spiral patterns on its faces. This fruit allows the user to eat virtually anything and everything, including inorganic substances, without harm to their body. Additionally, the user can gain the properties of anything they consume.",
}

FeatsList["baku baku no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Baku Baku no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Munch Munch Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 59],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Baku Baku no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Baku Baku no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Baku Baku no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Anything Eater: I can consume any material, including metal, wood, and stone, without suffering harm and it counts as food for me. My teeth are also a natural weapon, which I can use to make unarmed strikes. If I hit with it, I deal piercing damage equal to 1d10 + my Strength modifier.\n   Gained Properties: As an action I can make one unarmed strike against a material with my teeth. If it hits, I consume up to a 5-foot square of that material and I gain certain properties associated with it. Based on the material I eat, I gain the following features for 1 hour after consuming it (I can only gain one of these benefits at a time):\n     Cloth, Paper, or Rope: My body becomes as light as paper. I have advantage on Dexterity saves.\n     Glass, Crystal, or Ice: My body becomes transparent and I gain advanctage on Stealth checks.\n     Wood: My skin has a bark-like appearance, and my AC can't be less than 16, regardless of what kind of armor I'm wearing. I can also use the thorn whip cantrip for the duration.\n     Stone: My body becomes as hard as stone. I have resistance to non-magical bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage.\n     Metal: My skin has a tough, metallic appearance, and my AC can't be less than 18, regardless of what kind of armor I'm wearing.\n   Spells (Munch Forms): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Regenerative Munch (cure wounds; Self; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Gecko Munch (spider climb; 2 charges), Air Bite (gaseous form; 3 charges), Form-Stealing Munch (polymorph spell into creature I've bitten within last hour; Self; 4 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Ultimate Munch Form): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast true polymorph, turning myself into a creature I've bitten before, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	weaponsAdd : ["Bite"],
	weaponOptions : {
		baseWeapon : "unarmed strike",
		regExpSearch : /bite/i,
		name : "Bite",
		source : ["DFE", 59],
		damage : [1, 10, "piercing"]
	},

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["cure wounds"],
		selection : ["cure wounds"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["spider climb"],
		selection : ["spider climb"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["gaseous form"],
		selection : ["gaseous form"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["polymorph"],
		selection : ["polymorph"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["ato ato no mi"] = {

	name : "Ato Ato no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Art Art Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 60],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A peach-shaped fruit with a purple top and a light orange bottom, with spiral patterns marking the division between the two colors. This fruit grants the user the ability to transform anything they touch into art and render it useless. This art can take any form the user imagines, so long as it vaguely resembles its previous form.",
}

FeatsList["ato ato no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ato Ato no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Art Art Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 60],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ato Ato no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ato Ato no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ato Ato no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Art Transformation: I can transform any inanimate, non-magical object I can see into my own artistic interpretation of it. By spending 1 minute transforming an object no larger than 100 x 100 feet in size into a piece of art resembling its old form, I can render it useless in function for up to 10 hours. For example, if it is a ship or vehicle it can no longer take any actions to move. If it is a weapon or cannon, it can no longer be used to attack.\n   Creature Painting: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to target a creature within 30 feet of me. The creature must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or become incapacitated for 1 minute as it is transformed into a functionless piece of art. At the end of each of its turns, the target can make another Wisdom saving throw. On a success, the effect ends on the target.\n   Spells (Art Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Sketch Mirage (silent image; 1 charge), Illusion Painting (phantasmal force; 2 charges), Materpiece Illusion (major image; 3 charges), Art Swirl (hypnotic pattern; 3 charges), Land of Art (hallucinatory terrain; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Art Dimension): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast demiplane, creating a demiplane full of art, without expending a spell slot or material components. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["silent image"],
		selection : ["silent image"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["phantasmal force"],
		selection : ["phantasmal force"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["major image", "hypnotic pattern"],
		selection : ["major image", "hypnotic pattern"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["hallucinatory terrain"],
		selection : ["hallucinatory terrain"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["beta beta no mi"] = {

	name : "Beta Beta no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Stick Stick Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 60],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A yellow fruit, reminiscent of a lumpy pear, covered in a pattern of sticky swirls, which grants the user the ability to generate and control a sticky substance. This substance can be used for a variety of purposes, from ensnaring enemies to climbing walls.",
}

FeatsList["beta beta no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Beta Beta no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Stick Stick Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 60],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Beta Beta no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Beta Beta no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Beta Beta no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Sticky Substance Production: I can generate a sticky substance from my body. As an action, I can cover a surface within 5 feet of me in this substance. An area covered in this substance is considered difficult terrain, and a creature that steps on or touches the sticky surface must succeed on a Athletics check against my Devil Fruit save DC or be restrained until they succeed on the check. Objects that aren't being worn or carried will naturally stick and adhere to this substance. This coating lasts for 1 hour, and I can only cover up to 100 x 100 feet of a surface with this substance at once.\n   Adhesive Travel: I can use my sticky substance to stick to and climb vertical surfaces and ceilings without needing to make an ability check.\n   Sticky Trap: As an action, I can generate a large glob of sticky substance and fling it at a point I can see within 30 feet of me. Each creature in a 10-foot-radius sphere centered on that point must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or be restrained by the sticky substance. A creature restrained by the sticky substance can use its action to make a Strength check against my spell save DC. On a success, it is no longer restrained.\n   Spells (Sticky Technqiues): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. You can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Sticky Ground (entangle; 1 charge), Sticky Net (web; 2 charges), Sticky Bind (slow; 3 charges), Sticky Tentacles (evard's black tentacles; 4 charges), Gorilla Glue (hold monster, 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Maximum Adherence): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cover everyone within 60 feet of me with an extremely sticky and hardening substance. Each creature of my choice in the area must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target is restrained. It must then make a Constitution saving throw at the end of each of its turns. If it successfully saves three times, the spell ends. If it fails its save three times, it permanently turns to stone and is subjected to the petrified condition. The successes and failures don't need to be consecutive; keep track of both until the target collects three of a kind. I can't use this feature again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["entangle"],
		selection : ["entangle"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["web"],
		selection : ["web"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["slow"],
		selection : ["slow"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		selection : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["hold monster"],
		selection : ["hold monster"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["buku buku no mi"] = {

	name : "Buku Buku no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Book Book Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 61],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A violet fruit with numerous ridges, covered in typical spiral patterns which grants the user the ability to generate and manipulate books. Anything depicted or written within these books can be brought to reality or stored away, creating a powerful connection between the realms of fiction and reality.",
}

FeatsList["buku buku no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Buku Buku no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Book Book Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 61],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Buku Buku no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Buku Buku no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Buku Buku no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Book Creation: I can create books out of thin air, these books can be about any subject I have knowledge of. As an action, I can generate a book about a particular subject, granting me advantage on an Intelligence check related to that subject when I consult the book as part of the check.\n   Fictional Manifestation: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charges to create a book that depicts a creature or an object, then turn a page to make it manifest in the real world for up to 1 hour. I must maintain concentration on this power to keep it (like concentration on a spell), or else the creature will return to my book. This can create simple objects no larger than huge or non-hostile, non-magical beasts (like horses, dogs, etc.) with a CR no greater than 1. The created creatures are friendly to me and my companions and follow simple commands.\n   Spells (Book Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Hovering Books (tenser's floating disk; 1 charge), Psychological Scroll (detect thoughts; 2 charges), find steed (2 charges), conjure animals (3 charges), World of Books (hypnotic pattern; 3 charges), Book Absorption (banishment into a book; 4 charges), find greater steed (4 charges), conjure elemental (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Library of Legends): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a grand book that brings a more powerful creature from its pages. I can summon any creature I've seen before with a CR no greater than 5. The summoned creature is friendly to me and obeys my commands. It disappears after 1 hour or when it drops to 0 HP. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["tenser floating disk"],
		selection : ["tenser floating disk"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["detect thoughts", "find steed"],
		selection : ["detect thoughts", "find steed"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure animals", "hypnotic pattern"],
		selection : ["conjure animals", "hypnotic pattern"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["banishment", "find greater steed"],
		selection : ["banishment", "find greater steed"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["conjure elemental"],
		selection : ["conjure elemental"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["nuke nuke no mi"] = {

	name : "Nuke Nuke no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Phase Phase Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 61],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A translucent purple apple with blue stripes that allows its user to phase through physical objects and forces physical projectiles and weapons to pass through the user as well.",
}

FeatsList["nuke nuke no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Nuke Nuke no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Phase Phase Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 61],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Nuke Nuke no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Nuke Nuke no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Nuke Nuke no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Weapon Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through me. However, attacks made of living tissue do not phase through me, meaning I'm not immune to unarmed strikes, natural attacks, etc.\n   Phase Movement: I can choose to pass through physical objects as if they were difficult terrain, similar to a specter's incorporeal movement. However, this feature does not allow me to pass through living creatures. I take 1d10 forcedamage if I end my turn inside an object. Additionally, I can choose to allow any creature or object I'm touching or grappling to share this feature with me so long as they are touching me.\n   Spells (Phase Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. Using my ability to phase through non-living materials at rapid speeds and reappear somewhere else, I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: absorb elements (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), misty step (2 charges), blink (3 charges), passwall (5 charges), far step (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Reality Phase): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast etherealness. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["absorb elements"],
		selection : ["absorb elements"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["misty step"],
		selection : ["misty step"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["blink"],
		selection : ["blink"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["far step", "passwall"],
		selection : ["far step", "passwall"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["giro giro no mi"] = {

	name : "Giro Giro no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Insight Insight Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 62],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A light pink, peach-shaped fruit with acurled stem and several swirly patterns across its surface. This fruit grants the user the ability to see through everything and read the thoughts and memories of others. It also allows the user to project their vision in the form of floating eyes that can see far distances and through solid objects.",
}

FeatsList["giro giro no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Giro Giro no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Insight Insight Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 62],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Giro Giro no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Giro Giro no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Giro Giro no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   X-Ray Vision: I gain the ability to see through solid objects. As an action, I can activate this vision, allowing me to see through up to 5 feet of wood, dirt, or stone, 1 foot of metal, or any amount of flesh or similar materials.\n   Memory Peering: I have advantage on Insight checks. Additionally, as an action, I can read the surface thoughts of one creature within 30 feet of me. The target must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or I gain insight into its reasoning (if any), its emotional state, and something that looms large in its mind (such as something it worries over, loves, or hates). Alternatively, I can use telepathy within 30 feet of me to transfer my memories or thoughts to another creature.\n   Spells (Insight Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: detect thoughts (2 charges), Tear Animals (conjure animals; 3 charges), clairvoyance (3 charges), arcane eye (4 charges), scrying (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Mind Pillage): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to delve deeper into a creature's mind, revealing its deepest secrets. The target must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure, the target takes 6d10 psychic damage, and if I choose, gain information about its stats, true name, thoughts, history, identity, and background. On a success, the creature takes half as much psychic damage and I only identify its true name and surface thoughts. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	advantages : [
		["Insight", true]
	],

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["detect thoughts"],
		selection : ["detect thoughts"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure animals", "clairvoyance"],
		selection : ["conjure animals", "clairvoyance"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["arcane eye"],
		selection : ["arcane eye"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["scrying"],
		selection : ["scrying"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["gocha gocha no mi"] = {

	name : "Gocha Gocha no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Combine Combine Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 62],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A red apple with swirl patterns covering its surface which grants the user the ability to merge with different living things or objects, enhancing their size and strength. The user can also incorporate the properties or abilities of the fused entity.",
}

FeatsList["gocha gocha no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Gocha Gocha no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Combine Combine Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 62],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Gocha Gocha no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Gocha Gocha no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Gocha Gocha no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Fusion Enhancement: As an action, I can merge with another willing creature or an object I touch. For 1 hour, my size category increases by one (up to a maximum of Gargantuan), and I gain advantage on Strength checks and saving throws. My melee weapon attacks deal an extra 1d4 damage. I can only merge with one creature at a time using this ability. I can unmerge as a bonus action.\n   Incorperate Properties: When I merge with a creature or object, I can choose one of its properties or abilities to gain for the duration of the merge (subject to DM's discretion).\n   Spells (Fusion Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: enlarge/reduce (1 charge), jump (2 charges), longstrider (2 charges), enhance ability (2 charges), stoneskin (Self; 4 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Grand Fusion): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to merge with up to three willing creatures or objects at the same time for 1 hour. My size category increases by three (up to a maximum of Gargantuan), I gain advantage on Strength checks and Strength saving throws, and my melee weapon attacks deal an extra 3d4 damage. I can choose one property or ability from each fused entity to gain for the duration of the merge. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["enlarge/reduce"],
		selection : ["enlarge/reduce"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["jump", "longstrider", "enhance ability"],
		selection : ["jump", "longstrider", "enhance ability"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["stoneskin"],
		selection : ["stoneskin"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["hana hana no mi"] = {

	name : "Hana Hana no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Bloom Bloom Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 63],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A light pink fruit covered with petal patterns that gives the user the ability to sprout parts of their body (usually hands or feet) on the surfaces of objects and living beings.",
}

FeatsList["hana hana no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hana Hana no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bloom Bloom Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 63],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hana Hana no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hana Hana no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hana Hana no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Limb Sprouting: As an action, I can cause parts of my body to sprout on the surfaces of objects or living beings within 30 feet for 1 minute. I can see, hear, and speak through these body parts as if I were in their place. These limbs share my AC and HP, and can be attacked.\n   Multi-Limb Actions: As a bonus action, I can make an unarmed strike or attempt to grapple a creature within 30 feet using a sprouted limb. The attack uses my attack modifier and deals damage equal to an unarmed strike. If I grapple a creature with this ability, they are also restrained until the grapple is broken.\n   Spells (Petal Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: arms of hadar (1 charge), Arm Web (web; 2 charges), hold person (2 charges), evard's black tentacles (4 charges), bigby's hand (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Demonio Fleur & Gran Jacuzzi Clutch): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to invoke the Demonio Fleur. I sprout a gargantuan, demonic avatar of my upper body within 60 feet. This avatar reflects my current HP and my base AC (without armor), and shares my stats, resistances, immunities, and vulnerabilities. It does not have any equipment or weapons, it can't cast spells, and it acts on my initiative and its actions are controlled by me. It has a reach of 30 feet for its unarmed strikes, which deal damage equal to 2d8 + my Strength modifier. The sheer terror invoked by the Demonio Fleur forces all hostile creatures within 60 feet that can see it to make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or become frightened until the end of my next turn. As a bonus action, I can command the Demonio Fleur to execute the Gran Jacuzzi Clutch. The Demonio uses its giant sprouted arms to grab a target within its reach. The target must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure, they are restrained and take 6d10 bludgeoning damage; on a success, they take half damage and are not restrained. The Demonio Fleur persists for 1 minute or until it drops to 0 HP. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["arms of hadar"],
		selection : ["arms of hadar"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["web", "hold person"],
		selection : ["web", "hold person"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		selection : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["bigby's hand"],
		selection : ["bigby's hand"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["hobi hobi no mi"] = {

	name : "Hobi Hobi no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Toy Toy Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 63],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A cube-shaped, peach-like fruit with checkered patterns that grants the user the ability to transform living beings into toys by touching them. The user can also make a contract with the transformed toys, forcing them to obey their commands.",
}

FeatsList["hobi hobi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hobi Hobi no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Toy Toy Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 63],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hobi Hobi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hobi Hobi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hobi Hobi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Toy Transformation: As an action, I can touch a creature within 5 feet of me and force it to make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature is transformed into a toy version of itself, taking on the stats of a Monodrone. This transformation is permanent, unless removed by a greater restoration spell or a similar effect. Otherwise, its personality and mental ability scores remain the same. I can also determine its size (tiny to gargantuan). The creature also loses any ability to cast spells, and any special abilities it may have had in its original form. While in toy form, the creature is charmed by me and cannot harm me, and I can erase its memories while it is a toy. If I fall to 0 HP, fall unconscious, or fall victim to my \"Sea Weakness\", every creature under the effects of my Toy Transformation reverts back to their original form. A creature that succeeds on saving against my Toy Transformation or is otherwise reverted back to its original form is immune to the effects of it for 24 hours.\n   Contract Making: As a bonus action, I can make a contract with a toy I have transformed. The toy obeys any verbal commands that I issue to it (no action required by me), as long as they don't involve harming me. If I'm absent, the toy acts on its own to carry out my last given command.\n   Spells (Toy Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Toy Servant (unseen servant; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Hold Toy (as hold person; only works on toys of any size; 2 charges), Summon Toy (summon construct; 4 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Overdrive Transformation): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cause all creatures within 30 feet of me to make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, they are transformed into toys, and are subject to the effects of my \"Toy Transformation\" and \"Contract Making\" abilities. Once I use this feature, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["unseen servant"],
		selection : ["unseen servant"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["hold person"],
		selection : ["hold person"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["summon construct"],
		selection : ["summon construct"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["horo horo no mi"] = {

	name : "Horo Horo no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Ghost Ghost Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 64],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A rounded, white fruit with a stem that spirals at the top, and multiple swirl patterns on its surface. This fruit grants the user the ability to create and control spectral entities known as \"ghosts\", manifesting various effects.",
}

FeatsList["horo horo no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Horo Horo no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Ghost Ghost Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 64],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Horo Horo no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Horo Horo no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Horo Horo no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Astral Projection: As an action, I can create a ghostly avatar from my body, resembling myself. I can see through the ghost's senses, speak through it, and hear what it hears while it is within 1,000 feet of me. The entity acts according to my will and is immune to all damage types. It can fly up to 60 feet during my turn, and it can pass through walls, as if using the \"Incorporeal Movement\" feature, though it cannot pass through water or seastone. As an action, I can cause it to phase into the Ethereal Plane or back into the Material Plane. As an action, I can increase or decrease its size by one category. I can only have one ghostly avatar active at a time and it lasts until I fall unconscious or fall victim to my \"Sea Weakness\".\n   Negative Hollow: As an action, I can summon a small hollow from myself or my ghostly avatar to touch a creature within 30 feet of the source (me or my ghostly avatar). The creature must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or become affected by the ghost's negative energy, causing the target to fall into deep depression and lose the will to fight and become incapacitated for 1 minute. An affected creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on a success and it becomes immune to my negative hollow for 24 hours.\n   Spells (Ghost Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: cause fear (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Hollow Detonation (shatter; 2 charges), phantasmal force (2 charges), fear (3 charges), confusion (4 charges), phantasmal killer (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Phantom Uprising): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to unleash a spectral maelstrom. Ghosts flood from me in a 60-foot radius and move through creatures and objects within the area. Each creature in the area must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be affected by the ghost's negative energy, becoming frightened, and incapacitated with despair for 1 minute. An affected creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on a success. Additionally, non-magical objects in the area are phased into the ethereal plane for the duration. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["cause fear"],
		selection : ["cause fear"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["shatter", "phantasmal force"],
		selection : ["shatter", "phantasmal force"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fear"],
		selection : ["fear"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["confusion"],
		selection : ["confusion"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["phantasmal killer"],
		selection : ["phantasmal killer"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["horu horu no mi"] = {

	name : "Horu Horu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Hormone Hormone Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 64],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A pink pineapple-shaped fruit with a curly stem, and several curly patterns around it. This fruit grants the user the ability to create and control various hormones, which can be used to modify the bodies and minds of other creatures.",
}

FeatsList["horu horu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Horu Horu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Hormone Hormone Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 64],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Horu Horu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Horu Horu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Horu Horu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Syringe Fingers: My needle-like fingers are a natural weapon, which I can use to make unarmed strikes. If I hit with it, I deal piercing damage equal to 1d6 + my Strength modifier, instead of the bludgeoning damage normal for an unarmed strike.\n   Hormone Manipulation: I can use an action to alter the hormones of one willing creature I touch. An unwilling creature must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. This can cause one of the following effects: change the target's sex, give the target advantage on checks made with Strength, Dexterity, or Constitution (pick one) for 1 minute, or alter the target's current emotional state.\n   Life-Risking Operation: As an action, I can touch a creature and expend 1 devil fruit charge to remove any one disease or neutralize one poison affecting it. The creature can also immediately end one effect on it that causes it to be charmed or frightened.\n   Spells (Hormone Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: cure wounds (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), enhance ability (2 charges), haste (3 charges), greater restoration (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Endocrine Dominance): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to release a powerful surge of hormones within a 60-foot radius centered on myself. Enemy creatures in the area must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC, and friendly creatures can choose whether they are affected or not. On a failed save, creatures are subject to one of the following effects of my choice for 1 minute:\n     Adrenaline Surge: The creature's speed doubles, and it gains advantage on Strength, Dexterity, or Constitution (choose one) checks and saving throws.\n     Emotional Collapse: The creature becomes slowed (as if affected by the slow spell) with overwhelming emotions of sadness, fear, or joy.\n     Physical Atrophy: The creature's Strength, Dexterity, or Constitution (choose one) checks and saving throws are made at disadvantage.\n   An affected creature can make a new Constitution saving throw at the end of each of its turns to end the effect early. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	weaponsAdd : ["Syringe Fingers"],
	weaponOptions : {
		baseWeapon : "unarmed strike",
		regExpSearch : /syringe fingers/i,
		name : "Syringe Fingers",
		source : ["DFE", 64],
		damage : [1, 6, "piercing"]
	},

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["cure wounds"],
		selection : ["cure wounds"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["enhance ability"],
		selection : ["enhance ability"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["haste"],
		selection : ["haste"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["greater restoration"],
		selection : ["greater restoration"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["hoya hoya no mi"] = {

	name : "Hoya Hoya no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Genie Genie Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 65],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A turquoise fruit resembling a melon with various intricate swirl patterns and star-like designs. This fruit grants the user the ability to summon a genie-like entity from their body. This powerful spirit is bound to the user's will and aids them in combat.",
}

FeatsList["hoya hoya no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hoya Hoya no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Genie Genie Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 65],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hoya Hoya no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hoya Hoya no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hoya Hoya no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Genie Manifestation: As an action, I can summon the genie from within me by rubbing my body like a lamp. A Djinni genie appears in an unoccupied space I can see within 30 feet of me. The genie lacks its \"Innate Spellcasting\" ability and \"Elemental Demise\", and has HP equal to my own. It remains as long as I concentrate (as if concentratingon a spell), to a maximum of 12 hours, or until it drops to 0 HP. It then returns into my body. While summoned, the djinni is friendly to me and my companions. It obeys any commands I give it. If I fail tocommand it, the djinni defends itself against attackers but takes no other actions. After the djinni departs, it can't be summoned again until the next dawn. I can only have one genie summoned at a time.\n   Spells (Genie Techniques): The genie has a pool of 9 charges. It can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells without needing to expend material components: thunderwave (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), detect evil and good (1 charge), gust of wind (2 charges), invisibility (2 charges), gaseous form (3 charges), wind wall (3 charges), major image (3 charges), or creation (5 charges). The genie regains expended charges when it is re-summoned.\n   Awakening (Genie Unleashed): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to enhance my genie's power, turning it into a massive, even more formidable form. The genie's HP double, its size increases to Huge, its attacks deal an extra amount equal to my proficiency bonus, and it radiates an aura in a 20-foot radius. Enemy creatures within the aura must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be frightened until the end of their next turn. This empowered state lasts for the duration of my awakened state. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["thunderwave", "detect evil and good"],
		selection : ["thunderwave", "detect evil and good"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["gust of wind", "invisibility"],
		selection : ["gust of wind", "invisibility"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["gaseous form", "wind wall", "major image"],
		selection : ["gaseous form", "wind wall", "major image"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["creation"],
		selection : ["creation"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["ishi ishi no mi"] = {

	name : "Ishi Ishi no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Stone Stone Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 65],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A rough-textured, grayish fruit resembling a boulder with jagged patterns on its surface. This fruit grants the user the ability to merge with, control, and reshape any form of stone they come into contact with. This allows for a versatile range of combat and defensive capabilities, as well as the ability to traverse through stone as if it were liquid.",
}

FeatsList["ishi ishi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ishi Ishi no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Stone Stone Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 65],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ishi Ishi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ishi Ishi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ishi Ishi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Stone Meld: As an action, I can merge with any stone surface, allowing me to traverse through it, effectively disappearing from sight. While merged, I can move within and emerge from any connected stone surface within 60 feet.\n   Stone Manipulation: I can reshape and control stone structures within 30 feet of me. This can be used to form weapons, barriers, or even simple tools. As an action, I can create a large-sized stone object (AC 17; with 5d10 hitpoints). I can only do this once per minute.\n   Stone Body: I can spend 4 devil fruit charges to mold the stone around me to polymorph (as if using the polymorph spell) myself into a stone construct or earth elemental that has a challenge rating equal to or less than my level for up to 1 hour. However, my mental ability scores remain the same and I can speak while in this form. I remain this way as long as I concentrate on maintaining it (as if concentrating on a spell). The transformation lasts for the duration, or until I drop to 0 HP or die. I can continue to use my Devil Fruit abilities and spells in this form, so long as they don't require concentration, but cannot use any other class or racial features or spells for the duration.\n   Spells (Stone Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: earth tremor (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), maximilian's earthen grasp (2 charges), erupting earth (3 charges), stone shape (4 charges), stoneskin (4 charges), wall of stone (5 charges), passwall (5 charges), or transmute rock (5 charges). I regain expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Terracotta Titan): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to pull from the very essence of the earth beneath me, creating a massive golem or suit of stone armor around myself for 1 minute. In this state, I gain the benefits of my \"Stone Body\" feature without needing to expend devil fruit charges, but can increase my size up to Garganutan while polymorphed. I gain resistanceto all damage (except force), my physical attacks deal additional damage equal to my proficiency bonus, and I have advantage on Strength checks and saving throws. This empowered state lasts for 1 minute. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["maximilian's earthen grasp"],
		selection : ["maximilian's earthen grasp"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["erupting earth"],
		selection : ["erupting earth"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["stone shape", "stoneskin"],
		selection : ["stone shape", "stoneskin"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wall of stone", "passwall", "transmute rock"],
		selection : ["wall of stone", "passwall", "transmute rock"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["noko noko no mi"] = {

	name : "Noko Noko no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Mushroom Mushroom Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 66],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A vibrant orange, bulbous fruit with white dot patterns that grants the user the ability to produce, control, and manipulate various mushroom spores with different properties, ranging from healing to poisoning. The user can cultivate these spores on any surface, living or non-living.",
}

FeatsList["noko noko no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Noko Noko no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Mushroom Mushroom Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 66],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Noko Noko no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Noko Noko no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Noko Noko no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Poisonous Spores: I become immune to poison damage and the poisoned condition. Additionally, I can cast the poison spray cantrip without expending any material components.\n   Hallucination Spores: As an action, I can eject spores onto a creature I can see within 30 feet of me. The target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be poisoned for 1 minute. The poisoned target is incapacitated while it hallucinates. The target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success and it becomes immune to my Hallucination and \"Pacifying Spores\" for 24 hours.\n   Pacifying Spores: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to eject spores at one creature I can see within 30 feet of me. The target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be stunned for 1 minute. The target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the condition on itself on a success and it becomes immune to my Hallucination and Pacifying Spores for 24 hours.\n   Spells (Spore Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: sleep (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Spore Barrage (as cloud of daggers but deals poison or acid damage; 2 charges), stinking cloud (3 charges), Spore Bomb (as vitriolic sphere; 4 charges), cloudkill (5 charges). I regain expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Maximum Melting Spore Cloud): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast incendiary cloud, without expending a spell slot or material components. It deals poison or acid damage (my choice) instead of fire damage. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["poison"]
	},

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["poison spray"],
		selection : ["poison spray"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["sleep"],
		selection : ["sleep"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["cloud of daggers"],
		selection : ["cloud of daggers"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["stinking cloud"],
		selection : ["stinking cloud"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["vitriolic sphere"],
		selection : ["vitriolic sphere"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["cloudkill"],
		selection : ["cloudkill"],
		firstCol : 6
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kibi kibi no mi"] = {

	name : "Kibi Kibi no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Beast Beast Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 66],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A bright yellow, rough-skinned fruit resembling a kiwi but with pronounced spikes protruding outwards. This fruit grants the user the ability to produce dango dumplings which allow them to command and control any beast which consumes it, allowing for communication, understanding, and allegiance with the beast.",
}

FeatsList["kibi kibi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kibi Kibi no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Beast Beast Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 66],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kibi Kibi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kibi Kibi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kibi Kibi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Command: As an action, I can throw a dango at the mouth of a beast I can see within 30 feet of me by spending 1 Devil Fruit charge. The targeted beast must make aDexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC to avoid the dango. On a failed save, the beast is under my command (as if using animal friendship) for 1 month. The beast must not be a Zoan user or an otherwise polymorphed creature. If the beast suffers harm from me or my allies, itcan make a Wisdom saving throw, breaking free on a success.\n   Beast Regeneration: Once per long rest, I heal a beast I control and can see within 30 feet of me with a dango. By spending 1 Devil Fruit charge, the beast regains one of its hit dice + my proficiency bonus in HP.\n   Animal Empathy: I gain advantage on all Insight checks related to understanding beasts and their emotions.\n   Spells (Beast Technqiues): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: bless (targeting beasts I control; 1 charge), enhance ability (targeting a beast I control; 2 charges), Beast Bond (warding bond on a beast I control; 2 charges), Elemental Collar (protection from energy on a beast I control; 3 charges), Wild Surge (haste on a beast I control; 3 charges), or greater restoration (targeting a beast I control; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Beast Master's Dominion): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to release an aura in a 120-foot radius. All beasts within this radius must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be brought under my command for 10 minutes. A targeted beast must not be a Zoan user or an otherwise polymorphed creature. If a controlled beast suffers harm from me or my allies, it can make another Wisdom saving throw, breaking free on a success. I can't use this feature again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["bless"],
		selection : ["bless"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["enhance ability", "warding bond"],
		selection : ["enhance ability", "warding bond"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["protection from energy", "haste"],
		selection : ["protection from energy", "haste"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["greater restoration"],
		selection : ["greater restoration"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kage kage no mi"] = {

	name : "Kage Kage no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Shadow Shadow Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 67],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A dark-purple, nearly black, heart-shaped fruit with spiraled patterns running from its stem to its base. This fruit grants the user the ability to manipulate shadows, stealing them from living beings, and attaching them to other entities, including inanimate objects, thereby animating them.",
}

FeatsList["kage kage no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kage Kage no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Shadow Shadow Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 67],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kage Kage no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kage Kage no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kage Kage no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Shadow Thief: As an action, I can attempt to grab the shadow of a creature within 10 feet of me, so long as it has a CR of 1/8 or higher. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or have its shadow stolen. A creature can retrieve its shadow by destroying an undead or object which holds its shadow, or by placing salt in its mouth (touch; Athletics or Sleight of Hand against the undead or object's Athletics or Acrobatics), or by stealing it back from me if I'm holding it (touch; Athletics or Sleight of Hand against my Athletics or Acrobatics). A creature missing its shadow falls victim to a vampire's \"Sunlight Hypersensitivity\" weakness. When I successfully steal a shadow from a creature, I gain 1 Devil Fruit charge. If a creature who has had its shadow stolen dies, I lose its shadow and thereby lose 1 devil fruit charge.\n   Shadow Animate: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to animate a single medium or smaller sized dead creature or inanimate object (as if using animate dead or animate objects) by infusing it with a shadow I have stolen, except it has the same stats it would have if it were alive. A dead creature's CR must be equal to or less than 1 to be animated this way. This effect lasts until I end it as a bonus action (thus gaining 1 devil fruit charge as the shadow leaves its body) or it is destroyed (and the shadow returns to its host's body). If I wish to infuse a higher CR dead creature or larger object with shadows to animate it, I must spend a total number of charges equal to its CR (CR must be no greater than half my character level rounded up), or an additional charge for each size category the object is over medium, up to Huge.\n   Shadow Asgard: I can absorb stolen shadows into my body to become larger and more powerful. By spending 1 Devil Fruit charge, I absorb a shadow into myself. For each shadow I absorb, I gain 10 temporary HP (which only stacks with each additional shadow absorbed) up to a maximum of 30, my weapon attacks deal an extra 1d4 damage (up to a maximum bonus of 3d4), my reach with melee weapons extends by 5 feet (up to a 15 foot total bonus), and my size increases by one (up to Gargantuan). While this form is active, I have advantage on Strength checks and saving throws. When I lose all temporary HP granted by this ability, the shadows are expelled from my body and returned to its original host, and this ability ends.\n   Doppelman: I can detach my own shadow and animate it as a bonus action in an unoccupied space I can see within 15 feet of me. This shadow is a magical, translucent, dark image of me that lasts until it is destroyed, until I dismiss it as a bonus action, until I manifest another shadow, or until I'm incapacitated. My shadow has AC 14 + my proficiency bonus, 1 hit point,and immunity to all conditions and all damage except force andradiant damage. If it has to make a saving throw, it uses my saving throw bonus for the roll. It is the same size as me, and it occupies its space. On my turn, I can mentally command the shadow to move up to 30 feet in any direction (no action required). If my shadow is ever more than a mile away from me at the end of my turn, it is destroyed. If my Doppelman touches water or salt, it is also destroyed. As a bonus action, I can teleport, magically swapping places with my shadow at a cost of 15 feet of my movement, regardless of the distance between the two of us. When I take the Attack action on my turn, any attack I make with that action can originate from my space or the shadow's space. I make this choice for each attack. When a creature that I can see within 5 feet of my shadow moves at least 5 feet away from it, I can use my reaction to make an opportunity attack against that creature as if I were in the shadow's space. If my Doppelman is ever destroyed or dismissed, my shadow returns to me. While my shadow is missing, I also fall victim to the vampire's \"Sunlight Hypersensitivity\" weakness.\n   Spells (Shadow Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 maximum charges, but I start with none. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components, with the source of the spell being myself or my \"Doppelman\": Shadow Arms (arms of hadar; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), darkness (2 charges), shadow blade (2 charges), Shadow Bat Barrage (conjure barrage; 3 charges), evard's black tentacles (4 charges), Night Parade (danse macabre or animate objects; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges when shadows are collected from \"Shadow Thief\".\n   Awakening (Shadow Legion): Once I've awakened my power, I can pull shadows from all objects around me and use an action to conjure up to 10 Shadows, for up to 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. The Shadows form in unoccupied spaces within 100 feet of me and obey my commands for 1 minute or until they are destroyed. I can dismiss one shadow as a free action during my turn, once per turn, and animate a dead creature I can see within 60 feet of me. The target rises at the start of my next turn as a zombie that is under my command for the duration of my awakening, following my verbal orders to the best of its ability. Once I use this ability, I can't use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["arms of hadar"],
		selection : ["arms of hadar"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["darkness", "shadow blade"],
		selection : ["darkness", "shadow blade"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure barrage"],
		selection : ["conjure barrage"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		selection : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["danse macabre", "animate objects"],
		times : 1,
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kiro kiro no mi"] = {

	name : "Kiro Kiro no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Kilo Kilo Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 68],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A heavy, light red-colored cylindrical apple with a sturdy stem and swirls across its surface. This fruit grants the user the ability to manipulate their weight without changing their size. At will, the user can become as light as a feather or as heavy as a ton, granting them significant advantages in combat and mobility.",
}

FeatsList["kiro kiro no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kiro Kiro no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Kilo Kilo Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 68],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kiro Kiro no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kiro Kiro no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kiro Kiro no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Weight Manipulation: As an action, I can adjust my weight to 1 gram or 10,000 kilograms (10 metric tons) for 1 minute, or return to my regular weight. Changing my weight does not change my physical size or shape, and I return to my normal weight if I'm knocked unconscious.\n   1 gram: My movement speed doubles, I can move over water or fragile surfaces without breaking them, I don't take fall damage, and I make Dexterity checks and saving throws at advantage but make Strength checks and saving throws at disadvantage. My jump distance is also tripled.\n   10,000 kilograms: My melee attacks deal an extra 2d8 bludgeoning damage, my speed and jump distance is halved, and I make Strength checks and saving throws at advantage but make Dexterity checks and saving throws at disadvantage. I'm also immune tobeing pushed or pulled against my will.\n   Gravity Slam: When I'm in the air (such as from a jump or fall), as a part of my action to become 10,000 kilograms, I can also deliver a crushing blow to enemies below me. All creatures within a 10-foot radius from where I land must make a Strength or Dexterity saving throw (their choice) against my Devil Fruit save DC or take 4d10 bludgeoning damage and be knocked prone. If they succeed, they take half damage and aren't knocked prone. I do not take fall damage so long as you don't fall more than 30 feet as a part of this ability.\n   Spells (Kilogram Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: earth tremor (while 10,000 kilograms; Self; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), misty step (while 1 gram; 2 charges), erupting earth (while 10,000 kilograms; Self; Doesn't affect me; 3 charges), levitate (while 1 gram; Self; 3 charges), destructive wave (while 10,000 kilograms; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Absolute Gravity): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast gravity fissure at the 7th level, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["misty step"],
		selection : ["misty step"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["erupting earth", "levitate"],
		selection : ["erupting earth", "levitate"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["destructive wave"],
		selection : ["destructive wave"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kobu kobu no mi"] = {

	name : "Kobu Kobu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Encourage Encourage Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 68],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A deep red, heart-shaped fruit with gold streaks across its surface resembling cheering hands. This fruit grants the user the ability to bolster and encourage allies, enhancing their abilities and healing their wounds through sheer willpower and motivation.",
}

FeatsList["kobu kobu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kobu Kobu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Encourage Encourage Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 68],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kobu Kobu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kobu Kobu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kobu Kobu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Encouraged Human: I learn the guidance cantrip. Additionally, I'm immune to being frightened and have advantage on saving throws against any effect that would discourage me from fighting. I have advantage on any Persuasion check made to encourage a creature.\n   Aura of Encouragement: Whenever me or a friendly creature within 10 feet of me make an ability check, attack roll, or saving throw, the creature adds a +2 bonus to the roll. Additionally, creatures in this range cannot be frightened while I'm conscious. I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to extend this radius up to 30 feet for 1 minute.\n   Spells (Encourage Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: heroism (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), aid (2 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), beacon of hope (3 charges), motivational speech (3 charges), aura of life (4 charges), mass cure wounds (5 charges), or circle of power (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Unyielding Aura): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast holy aura, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["frightened"]
	},

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["guidance"],
		selection : ["guidance"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["heroism"],
		selection : ["heroism"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["aid"],
		selection : ["aid"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["beacon of hope", "motivational speech"],
		selection : ["beacon of hope", "motivational speech"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["aura of life"],
		selection : ["aura of life"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["mass cure wounds", "circle of power"],
		selection : ["mass cure wounds", "circle of power"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 6
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["memo memo no mi"] = {

	name : "Memo Memo no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Memory Memory Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 69],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A pale lavender fruit, shaped like an intricate brain, with coiling patterns reminiscent of neurons and synaptic connections. This fruit grants the user the power to manipulate, alter, and even erase the memories of those they touch. It can also allow the user to implant false memories or even transfer memories from one individual to another.",
}

FeatsList["memo memo no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Memo Memo no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Memory Memory Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 69],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Memo Memo no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Memo Memo no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Memo Memo no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Memory Thread: As an action, I can touch a willing creature or unwilling creature and force it to make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure or if the creature allows me, I can pull out film strips from the creature's head to view their memories for 1 minute. While the film strip is pulled out of the creature's head, it is incapacitated for the duration. Each time the creature takes damage in this state, it can make an additional Wisdom saving throw at advantage to break free. I can edit the creature's memory film in the following ways while it is removed:\n     Memory Alteration: As an action, while touching the creature, I can modify or erase parts of its memories. This alteration is permanent unless reversed by me or a spell like greater restoration.\n     Memory Implantation: As an action, while touching the creature, I can implant a false memory into it. It will remember the false memory as if it really happened.\n   Spells (Memory Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Bad Memory Threads (bane; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Memory Flood (hold person; 2 charges), detect thoughts (2 charges), zone of truth (2 charges), Memory Mail (sending; 3 charges), dream (4 charges), modify memory (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Destructive Memory Blast): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to flood enemies in the area with bad memories by casting psychic scream, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["bane"],
		selection : ["bane"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["hold person", "detect thoughts", "zone of truth"],
		selection : ["hold person", "detect thoughts", "zone of truth"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["sending"],
		selection : ["sending"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["dream"],
		selection : ["dream"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["modify memory"],
		selection : ["modify memory"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["mero mero no mi"] = {

	name : "Mero Mero no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Love Love Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 69],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A pink, heart-shaped fruit adorned with a multitude of arrow-like patterns. This fruit grants the user the power to turn anyone who feels lust or attraction towards them into stone.",
}

FeatsList["mero mero no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mero Mero no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Love Love Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 69],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mero Mero no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mero Mero no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mero Mero no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Petrifying Gaze: As an action, I can meet the gaze of a creature within 30 feet. If that creature has ever felt any form of attraction or lust toward me, it must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature is affected by the flesh to stone spell, and has one failure. If the creature avoids looking into my eyes (such as by averting their gaze or closing their eyes), they have advantage on the saving throw. Once a creature saves, it is immune to the effects of my Petrifying Gaze for 24 hours. Creatures that are incapable of feeling attraction or lust, such as by being immune to the charmed condition, are also immune to this effect. I can end this petrification on a creature at will.\n   Love Beam: As an action, I can spend 3 devil fruit charges to shoot a 30-foot cone of magical attraction from my hands. Each creature in this cone must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, they are charmed with feelings of attraction and lust for 1 minute. While charmed in this way, they will move toward me and assist me during their turn and I can use a bonus action to use my \"Petrifying Gaze\" on one of the charmed creatures, even if they hadn't felt attraction toward me before. If the creature ends its turn in a location where it doesn't have line of sight to me or takes damage, the creature can make a Wisdom saving throw. On a successful save, the effect ends for that creature. Once a creature saves, it is immune to the effects of my Love Beam for 24 hours.\n   Spells (Love Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: charm person (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), enthrall (2 charges), hold person (2 charges), compulsion (4 charges), dominate person (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Love Arrow Storm): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to blast everyone within 60 feet of me with a barrage of love arrows. Each creature in the area must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target is charmed by me. It must then make a Wisdom saving throw at the end of each of its turns while charmed this way. If it successfully saves three times, the effect ends. If it fails its save three times, it permanently turns to stone and is subjected to the petrified condition. The successes and failures don’t need to be consecutive; keep track of both until the target collects three of a kind. I can't use this feature again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["charm person"],
		selection : ["charm person"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["hold person", "enthrall"],
		selection : ["hold person", "enthrall"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["compulsion"],
		selection : ["compulsion"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["dominate person"],
		selection : ["dominate person"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["mira mira no mi"] = {

	name : "Mira Mira no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Mirror Mirror Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 70],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "The Mira Mira no Mi looks like a shiny, silver apple, its surface perfectly reflective. The texture is smooth and cold to the touch, much like glass. This fruit grants the user the power to create and manipulate mirrors, as well as to use reflective surfaces as portals. The user becomes a \"Mirror Human.\"",
}

FeatsList["mira mira no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mira Mira no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Mirror Mirror Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 70],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mira Mira no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mira Mira no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mira Mira no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Mirror Surface: With a touch, I can transform any surface, no larger than a 10-foot square, into a mirror for up to 1 hour.\n   Mirror Portal: As an action, I can turn a mirror I touch into a portal to the mirror dimension until the start of my next turn. Any creature which enters the mirror is brought into the mirror dimension, similar to the demiplane spell. The mirror dimension connects all nearby mirrors, allowing me to exit out of a mirror connected to the dimension. I can speak to the mirrors in this dimension, as they are sentient, asking them questions they would understand and know. These can be questions about creatures the mirror has seen, where a specific mirror leads to, or where specific mirrors are located in the dimension. The DM determines the size, shape, and terrain within the mirror dimension. A creature cannot enter or leave the mirror dimension unless a mirror portal is specifically activated by me.\n   Reflective Defense: When hit by a melee attack, I can use my reaction and spend 5 devil fruit charges to create a mirror shield, causing the damage to become 0. The attacker must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the attacker takes half of the damage they would have dealt to me, as the attack is redirected back to them.\n   Spells (Reflective Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: disguise self (1 charge), silent image (1 charge), mirror image (2 charges), phantasmal force (2 charges), major image (3 charges), hallucinatory terrain (4 charges), phantasmal killer (4 charges), mislead (5 charges), seeming (5 charges), and scrying (using a mirror as a focus; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Mirror Prison): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast the maze spell, no spells slots or material components required. The target is sucked into the mirror dimension and trapped there temporarily. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["disguise self", "silent image"],
		selection : ["disguise self", "silent image"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["mirror image", "phantasmal force"],
		selection : ["mirror image", "phantasmal force"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["major image"],
		selection : ["major image"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["hallucinatory terrain", "phantasmal force"],
		selection : ["hallucinatory terrain", "phantasmal force"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["mislead", "seeming"],
		selection : ["mislead", "seeming"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["modo modo no mi"] = {

	name : "Modo Modo no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Reverse Reverse Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 70],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "An emerald green fruit resembling an hourglass, with swirling patterns on its surface. This fruit grants the user the unique ability to turn back the hands of time, reversing the age of creatures or even inanimate objects by 12 years.",
}

FeatsList["modo modo no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Modo Modo no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Reverse Reverse Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 70],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Modo Modo no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Modo Modo no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Modo Modo no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Age Reversal (Creatures): As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to toss an orb of energy at a creature or Huge or smaller object within 30 feet of me, reducing its age by 12 years. If the target is unwilling to have its age reversed, it can make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a success, its age remains the same. This change affects the physical age only, not the creature's memories, mental maturity, or experiences. If a creature is reduced down from an adult to a child, it will have disadvantage on attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws until its age is reverted by a greater restoration spell or a similar effect, or if I choose to end the effect. Every creature and object that has been affected by this ability will be also be returned to its original age if I'm knocked unconscious, thus ending this effect on them. If a creature is reduced down to below 0 years in age, it is erased from existence.\n   Object Restoration: As an action, I can touch an inanimate object that is no larger than Huge and reverse its age, potentially repairing wear and tear or damage it has sustained over the years. This can be used to restore a broken item, undo the effects of time on a painting, or return a rusted weapon to its prime state. The object remains in its restored state permanently unless physically damaged again. An object that may have existed in a previous state of matter, such as volcanic rock, may be returned to its previous state (which would be lava) with this ability.\n   Spells (Precise Reversal): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Wound Reversal (cure wounds; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), lesser restoration (2 charges), Reverse Death (revivify; 3 charges), fabricate (4 charges), Greater Reverse Death (raise dead; 5 charges), passwall (5 charges), or greater restoration (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Maximum Reversal): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast time ravage, no spells slots or material components required. However, I instead reverse a creature's age to 30 days after it is born on a failed save, and its size becomes Tiny. If the targeted creature is exactly 12 years old or less, it is instantly erased from existence on a failed save. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["cure wounds"],
		selection : ["cure wounds"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["lesser restoration"],
		selection : ["lesser restoration"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["revivify"],
		selection : ["revivify"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["fabricate"],
		selection : ["fabricate"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["raise dead", "passwall", "greater restoration"],
		selection : ["raise dead", "passwall", "greater restoration"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["netsu netsu no mi"] = {

	name : "Netsu Netsu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Heat Heat Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 71],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A deep-red fruit resembling a chili pepper with small flame-like patterns scattered over its skin. This fruit grants the user the ability to generate intense heat from their body, allowing them to raise the temperature of objects they touch or emit scorching waves of heat around them.",
}

FeatsList["netsu netsu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Netsu Netsu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Heat Heat Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 71],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Netsu Netsu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Netsu Netsu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Netsu Netsu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Burning Touch: I learn the shocking grasp cantrip, but deal fire damage with it instead of lightning. Additionally, I'm immune to fire damage.\n   Heat Emission: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to emit a wave of heat in a 15-foot radius around me. Creatures in this area must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, creatures take 3d6 fire damage, and half as much on a success. The heat ignites any flammable objects in the area that aren't being worn or carried.\n   Heat Armor: As a bonus action, for up to 1 hour or until I fall unconscious, I can raise the temperature of my body to such an extent that any creature making a melee attack against me and hits within 5 feet takes 1d6 fire damage. A creature which touches me or starts its turn in contact with me also takes 1d6 fire damage. I can end this effect early as a bonus action.\n   Spells (Heat Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: searing smite (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), heat metal (2 charges), flame blade (2 charges), fire shield (warm shield only; 4 charges), immolation (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Inferno Emanation): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast fire storm, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["shocking grasp"],
		selection : ["shocking grasp"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["searing smite"],
		selection : ["searing smite"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["heat metal", "flame blade"],
		selection : ["heat metal", "flame blade"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["fire shield"],
		selection : ["fire shield"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["immolation"],
		selection : ["immolation"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["frizu frizu no mi"] = {

	name : "Frizu Frizu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Cold Cold Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 71],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A pale blue fruit with white swirl patterns which empowers its user to generate intense cold, allowing them to lower the temperature of objects they touch, emit chilling waves of cold around them, and even freeze liquids on contact.",
}

FeatsList["frizu frizu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Frizu Frizu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cold Cold Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 71],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Frizu Frizu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Frizu Frizu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Frizu Frizu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Chilling Touch: I learn the frostbite cantrip. Additionally, I'm immune to cold damage.\n   Cold Emission: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to emit a wave of biting frost in a 15-foot radius around me. Creatures in this area must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, creatures take 3d6 cold damage, and half as much on a success. The cold freezes any liquid in the area.\n   Frostbite Armor: As a bonus action, for up to 1 hour or until I fall unconscious, I can lower the temperature of my body to such an extent that any creature making a melee attack against me and hits within 5 feet takes 1d6 cold damage. A creature which touches me or starts its turn in contact with me also takes 1d6 cold damage. I can end this effect early as a bonus action.\n   Spells (Cold Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: frost fingers (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), rime's binding ice (2 charges), sleet storm (3 charges), ice storm (4 charges), fire shield (chill shield only; 4 charges), cone of cold (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Blizzard Emanation): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast freezing sphere at 7th level, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["frostbite"],
		selection : ["frostbite"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["frost fingers"],
		selection : ["frost fingers"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["rime's binding ice"],
		selection : ["rime's binding ice"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["sleet storm"],
		selection : ["sleet storm"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["fire shield", "ice storm"],
		selection : ["fire shield", "ice storm"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["cone of cold"],
		selection : ["cone of cold"],
		firstCol : 6
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["noro noro no mi"] = {

	name : "Noro Noro no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Slow Slow Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 72],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A golden, translucent fruit with a slightly reflective surface, resembling a shimmering crystal orb. This fruit grants its user the unique power to emit \"Noro Noro\" beams, which can slow down any object or creature they touch, making them experience time at a drastically reduced speed.",
}

FeatsList["noro noro no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Noro Noro no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Slow Slow Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 72],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Noro Noro no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Noro Noro no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Noro Noro no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Slow Immunity: I cannot be slowed by any means, such as by the slow spell or by a stone golem.\n   Slowing Shot: As an action, I can target a creature, or a Large or smaller object, within 30 feet with a miniature slowing beam. A creature must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature is slowed, as if affected by the slow spell for 1 minute. A creature affected by this ability makes another Wisdom saving throw at the end each of its turns. On a successful save, the effect ends for it. An object targeted by this ability remains nearly frozen in place for the duration, only moving 5 feet per turn if it was in motion.\n   Slowing Beam: As an action, I can spend 3 devil fruit charges to shoot a 30-foot cone of slowing energy from my hands. Each creature in this cone must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, they are affected by the slow spell for 30 seconds. A creature affected by this ability makes another Wisdom saving throw at the end each of its turns. On a successful save, the effect ends for it. Any objects in this cone remain nearly frozen in place for the duration, only moving 5 feet per turn if it was in motion. I do not need to concentrate to keep a creature slowed in this way.\n   Spells (Slow Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: hold person (2 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), slow (3 charges), temporal shunt (5 charges), or hold monster (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Temporal Lockdown): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast time stop, without expending a spell slot or material components, as the world around me slows to a halt. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["hold person"],
		selection : ["hold person"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["slow"],
		selection : ["slow"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["temporal shunt", "hold monster"],
		selection : ["temporal shunt", "hold monster"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["ori ori no mi"] = {

	name : "Ori Ori no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Cage Cage Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 72],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A silvery fruit, resembling a chain wrapped in a tight ball with small links and padlock motifs imprinted on its surface. This fruit grants its user the ability to generate and manipulate iron shackles and cages. With a mere gesture or touch, the user can bind or imprison their foes, making escape incredibly difficult.",
}

FeatsList["ori ori no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ori Ori no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cage Cage Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 72],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ori Ori no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ori Ori no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ori Ori no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Chain Whip: I learn the thorn whip cantrip, no material components required. It deals bludgeoning damage instead of piercing, and appears as steel chains.\n   Shackling Touch: As an action, I can touch a creature within 5 feet. The target must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature is bound by iron shackles, becoming restrained until it can break free. A creature can use its action to make a Strength check against my Devil Fruit save DC, breaking free on a success.\n   Cage Conjuring: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to conjure a cage around one creature I can see within 30 feet. The target must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature is trapped inside the cage, which has an AC of 20 and 30 HP. The bars are spaced far too narrowly for creatures or weapons to fit through, giving it full cover. The cage lasts for up to 1 minute, after which it disappears.\n   Spells (Cage Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: entangle (1 charge), hold person (2 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), web (reskinned as chains instead of webs; not flammable; 2 charges), Dimension Cage (banishment; 4 charges), wall of force (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Prison Realm): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to manifest a large prison complex in a 30-foot radius sphere centered on a point I can see within 60 feet. Within this area, iron walls and cages transforming the terrain into a labyrinthine jail. Creatures in the area must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, they are trapped within individual cages, becoming restrained. A creature can break free by making a Strength check against my Devil Fruit save DC. If a creature is freed, it must also spend an action to make a DC 20 Intelligence check to find the exit within the labyrinth prison, at which point it appears 5 feet outside of the prison complex in an area it chooses. The prison lasts for 10 minutes or until I fall unconscious, after which it disappears. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["thorn whip"],
		selection : ["thorn whip"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["entangle"],
		selection : ["entangle"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["hold person", "web"],
		selection : ["hold person", "web"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["banishment"],
		selection : ["banishment"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wall of force"],
		selection : ["wall of force"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["oshi oshi no mi"] = {

	name : "Oshi Oshi no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Push Push Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 73],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A dark brown, almost earthen-colored fruit with undulating ridges on its surface, reminiscent of clay. This fruit grants its user with the unprecedented ability to alter and mold the very ground beneath their feet. They can push, pull, or shape terrain as if it were soft clay, creating structures or modifying the landscape to their whims.",
}

FeatsList["oshi oshi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Oshi Oshi no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Push Push Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 73],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Oshi Oshi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Oshi Oshi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Oshi Oshi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Enhanced Pushing: When I use an action to shove a creature, I gain advantage on my Athletics check. If I choose to push a creature away, I can choose to push it up to 15 feet away from me instead.\n   Tunnel Pushing: I gain a burrowing speed of 30 feet. I can burrow through solid rock at half my burrow speed and leave a 5-foot-diameter tunnel in my wake. As an action, I can reshape a 10-foot cube of earth or stone I can touch within 5 feet. I can form it into any shape that suits my purpose: creating ramps, walls, pits, or any other structure. The shaped terrain has the durability of its original material.\n   Ground Wave: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to create a wave-like ripple on the ground in a 15-foot wide line that's 60 feet long. Each creature standing on the ground in that area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or take 1d6 bludgeoning damage and be knocked prone. If the ground in that area is loose earth or stone, it becomes difficult terrain until cleared.\n   Spells (Pushing Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: earth tremor (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), maximillian's earthen grasp (2 charges), erupting earth (3 charges), wall of stone (5 charges), passwall (5 charges), or transmute rock (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Infinite Tunnel): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to exert total control over the ground to form a 10-foot magical tunnel in the earth leading to one location I'm aware of. After I create the tunnel, any creature that jumps into it teleports to a location of my choosing, as if using the teleport spell (there can only be one target destination). The destination must be known to me, it must be connected to the earth, and it must be on the same plane of existence. The tunnel lasts for 1 minute, then collapses and disappears. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["maximillian's earthen grasp"],
		selection : ["maximillian's earthen grasp"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["erupting earth"],
		selection : ["erupting earth"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wall of stone", "passwall"],
		selection : ["wall of stone", "passwall"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["oto oto no mi"] = {

	name : "Oto Oto no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Sound Sound Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 73],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A vibrant orange fruit, resembling a bell with multiple musical note motifs across its surface. This fruit grants the user the capability to manifest musical instruments from their body. Using these instruments, they can produce sound waves that can have a range of effects, from disorienting enemies to causing physical harm.",
}

FeatsList["oto oto no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Oto Oto no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Sound Sound Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 73],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Oto Oto no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Oto Oto no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Oto Oto no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Sound Immunity: I'm immune to thunder damage and the deafened condition.\n   Instrumental Manifestation: As a bonus action, I can generate any musical instrument from my body, from flutes to drums to guitars. When I produce an instrument, I'm proficient with it and can immediately play it. I must use this as the focus for my Devil Fruit spells and abilities.\n   Dissonant Blast: I learn the thunderclap cantrip. Additionally, as an action while holding an instrument I've manifested, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to play a harsh note that emits a blast of disruptive sound. Each creature in a 30-foot cone originating from me must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC, taking 3d8 thunder damage on a failed save or half as much damage on a successful one. A creature that is immune to the deafened condition is not affected by this ability.\n   Spells (Sound Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: thunderwave (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), shatter (2 charges), hypnotic pattern (reskinned as a captivating melody; 3 charges), destructive wave (thunder damage only; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Orchestra of Doom): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to manifest an orchestra of instruments around me. For the next minute or until I fall unconscious, these instruments play a haunting and overpowering symphony. Each creature of my choice within a 60-foot radius of me must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC at the start of each of their turns or take 7d8 thunder damage, half as much on a success. A creature that is immune to the deafened condition cannot be affected by this ability. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["deafened"]
	},

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["thunderclap"],
		selection : ["thunderclap"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["thunderwave"],
		selection : ["thunderwave"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["shatter"],
		selection : ["shatter"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["hypnotic pattern"],
		selection : ["hypnotic pattern"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["destructive wave"],
		selection : ["destructive wave"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["sabi sabi no mi"] = {

	name : "Sabi Sabi no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Rust Rust Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 74],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A maroon fruit with a rough texture, resembling corroded metal with flaky patches and rust-like patterns. This fruit grants its user the uncanny ability to induce rapid rusting and decay in metals. With just a touch or gesture, the user can make the sturdiest of metals brittle and fragile.",
}

FeatsList["sabi sabi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Sabi Sabi no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Rust Rust Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 74],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Sabi Sabi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Sabi Sabi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Sabi Sabi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Rust Body: Any weapon made of metal that hits me corrodes. After dealing damage, the weapon takes a permanent and cumulative -1 penalty to damage rolls. If its penalty drops to -5, the weapon is destroyed. Ammunition made of metal that hits me is destroyed after dealing damage.\n   Corroding Touch: I corrode a ferrous metal object I can see within 5 feet of me. If the object isn't being worn or carried, the touch destroys a 1-foot cube of it. If the object is being worn or carried by a creature, the creature can make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC to avoid my corroding touch. If the object touched is either metal armor or a metal shield being worn or carried, its takes a permanent and cumulative -1 penalty to the AC it offers. Armor reduced to an AC of 10 or a shield that drops to a +0 bonus is destroyed. If the object touched is a held metal weapon, it rusts as described in my \"Rust Body\" feature.\n   Spells (Rusting Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Rust Blast (tasha's caustic brew; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Rust Arrow (melf's acid arrow; 2 charges), Rusting Sphere (vitriolic sphere; 4 charges), transmute rock to mud (but only for unworn and unheld metal to rust; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Kingdom of Decay): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to release an aura of intense corrosion in a 30-foot radius centered on myself. This aura turns the ground into a rust-colored, metal-corroding field. Every unworn and unheld metallic object or creature that starts its turn or enters the area for the first time must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. Constructs made of metal have disadvantage on this saving throw. Unworn and unheld objects corrode instantly, and creatures take 5d10 acid damage on a failed save, or half as much on a successful one. A creature's held or worn metalli cobjects take a permanent and cumulative -1 penalty, as described in my \"Rust Body\" and \"Corroding Touch\" features, if it fails the save. This effect lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["tasha's caustic brew"],
		selection : ["tasha's caustic brew"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["melf's acid arrow"],
		selection : ["melf's acid arrow"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["vitriolic sphere"],
		selection : ["vitriolic sphere"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["transmute rock to mud"],
		selection : ["transmute rock to mud"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["shiro shiro no mi"] = {

	name : "Shiro Shiro no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Castle Castle Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 74],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A silver fruit with hard, angular facets similar to castle turrets, crowned by a flag-like stem. This fruit grants the user of this devil fruit the ability to transform into a living fortress, capable of enclosing allies for protection or to strategize, and possess the ability to generate castle-like structures and weapons.",
}

FeatsList["shiro shiro no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Shiro Shiro no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Castle Castle Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 74],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Shiro Shiro no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Shiro Shiro no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Shiro Shiro no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Fortress Body: As an action, I can absorb any willing creature or Large or smaller object within 5 feet of me into my body. A creature or object absorbed into me becomes Tiny while within me and treats my body interior as if it were mordenkainen's magnificent mansion. It gains full cover from within my body and half cover while looking outside the orifices on my body, which are treated as battlements. A ranged weapon used within my body targeting a creature outside it is treated as a regular ranged weapon attack, regardless of the user's size.\n   Interior Manipulation: While in my fortress form, I can reshape the rooms, hallways, mundane objects, furniture, and other structures inside me at will. I can create traps, barriers, or beneficial features like healing rooms, which can heal allies for 2d6 + 4 HP once per short rest. I can spend an action to eject a creature from my \"Fortress Body\" into an empty space within 10 feet of me.\n   Castle Cannons: Once per turn, while at least one creature is within my fortress body, I can use 1 devil fruit charge as an action to activate castle-mounted cannons that fire at a target I can see within 60 feet. The target must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or take 3d10 bludgeoning damage.\n   Spells (Castle Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Castle Tank (longstrider; Self; 1 charge), stoneskin (Self; 4 charges), conjure volley (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Majestic Bastion): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to enter an enhanced FortressBody Form to instead become a colossal fortress, as if usingthe Mighty Fortress spell. You can absorb any allied creature, weapons, or Huge or smaller objects within 30 feet into me when I first enter this form. I cannot attack or cast spells while in this form, I can only walk, and my walking speed becomes 40 ft. This form has resistance to all damage except force, and all damage dealt to its walls is also dealt to me. This effect lasts for 10 minutes or until I fall unconscious. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["longstrider"],
		selection : ["longstrider"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["stoneskin"],
		selection : ["stoneskin"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["conjure volley"],
		selection : ["conjure volley"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["suke suke no mi"] = {

	name : "Suke Suke no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Invisibility Invisibility Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 75],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A clear, almost translucent fruit with subtle shimmering patterns that play across its surface. This fruit grants its user the power to become invisible at will. Not only can the user render themselves unseen, but also anything they touch, allowing them to move stealthily or execute surprise attacks.",
}

FeatsList["suke suke no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Suke Suke no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Invisibility Invisibility Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 75],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Suke Suke no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Suke Suke no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Suke Suke no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Vanish From Sight: As an action, I can become invisible. This effect remains as long as I concentrate (as if concentrating on a spell) up to an hour. Anything I'm wearing or carrying becomes invisible with me. Attacking or casting a spell ends the invisibility.\n   Cloak Others: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to touch another creature or object to render it invisible for up to 10 minutes. The invisibility ends early if the targeted creature attacks or casts a spell. I can use this ability on one creature or object at a time, using another action to end the effect early.\n   Spells (Invisibility Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: see invisibility (2 charges), nondetection (3 charges), greater invisibility (4 charges), mislead (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Realm of the Unseen): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a 30-foot radius sphere of invisibility centered on myself. Anything inside this sphere, including other creatures, becomes invisible. The sphere moves with me and lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. Only me and creatures I choose inside the sphere can see other invisible creatures in the sphere but unselected creatures cannot. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["see invisibility"],
		selection : ["see invisibility"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["nondetection"],
		selection : ["nondetection"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["greater invisibility"],
		selection : ["greater invisibility"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["mislead"],
		selection : ["mislead"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["supa supa no mi"] = {

	name : "Supa Supa no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Blade Blade Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 75],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A steely blue-gray fruit, its surface covered in overlapping, blade-like scales, with a stem that looks like a twisted, sharpened spike. This fruit grants its user the ability to transform any part of their body into sharp blades. The blades are incredibly tough, sharp enough to cut through most materials with ease.",
}

FeatsList["supa supa no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Supa Supa no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Blade Blade Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 75],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Supa Supa no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Supa Supa no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Supa Supa no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Blade Body: As a bonus action, I can transform any part of my body into a melee weapon which deals slashing damage. This can range from turning an arm into a longsword, fingers into dagger-like blades, or even combining my arms or legs into a greatsword. Weapons I create have the same properties as their normal counterparts but are considered magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance. I can use this part of my body as a weapon attack, and I'm proficient with it. I can only use one weapon active this way at a time, and can dismiss it using a bonus action.\n   Steel Skin: My AC can't be less than 18, regardless of what kind of armor I'm wearing. By spending 1 devil fruit chargeas a bonus action, I can gain a +2 bonus to my AC for upto 1 minute or until I fall unconscious (this effect doesn't stack).\n   Cyclone of Slashes: I can create a number of blades from my body and spin to attack with them. I learn the swordburst cantrip.\n   Spells (Bladed Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: thunderous smite (1 charge), cloud of daggers (2 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), staggering smite (4 charges), stoneskin (Self; 4 charges), steel wind strike (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Blade Tempest): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast blade barrier, without expending a spell slot or material components. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["swordburst"],
		selection : ["swordburst"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["thunderous smite"],
		selection : ["thunderous smite"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["cloud of daggers"],
		selection : ["cloud of daggers"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["staggering smite", "stoneskin"],
		selection : ["staggering smite", "stoneskin"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["steel wind strike"],
		selection : ["steel wind strike"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["toki toki no mi"] = {

	name : "Toki Toki no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Future Future Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 76],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A fruit with a golden-hued exterior, looking almost like a radiant, miniature sun with its surface glowing a soft light. This fruit grants the user the astonishing capability to send themselves or others forward in time. They cannot, however, rewind time or bring anyone back from the future.",
}

FeatsList["toki toki no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Toki Toki no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Future Future Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 76],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Toki Toki no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Toki Toki no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Toki Toki no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Time Leap: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge and touch a willing creature, sending it forward in time. The target disappears, effectively entering a state of suspended animation, and reappears in the same location up to 20 years into the future in the nearest empty space. If the specified time is not given, the default is 1 day. I can also use this power on myself.\n   Future's Guidance: As an action, once per 24 hours, I mentally receive an omen for what is to come. This functions similarly to the spell commune, but comes from a future version of myself or another creature I temporarily communicate with.\n   Spells (Temporal Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Foreshadow (gift of alacrity; 1 charge), Future Knowledge (borrowed knowledge; 2 charges), Time Shift (blink; 3 charges), Quicken Time (haste; 3 charges), temporal shunt (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expendedcharges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Time's Nexus): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a zone where time is in flux within a 30-foot radius centered on myself. For the next minute or until I fall unconscious, any creature that starts its turn within the zone or enters it for the first time must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure, the creature is sent 1 round into the future and temporarily disappearing, effectively losing its next turn. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["gift of alacrity"],
		selection : ["gift of alacrity"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["borrowed knowledge"],
		selection : ["borrowed knowledge"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["haste", "blink"],
		selection : ["haste", "blink"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["temporal shunt"],
		selection : ["temporal shunt"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["wara wara no mi"] = {

	name : "Wara Wara no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Straw Straw Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 76],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A golden-yellow, grainy-textured pear, tied with a green leafy bow that grants its user to create, control, and transform into straw at will. The straw crafted by this power isn't ordinary; it has the unique capability to redirect damage dealt to it, turning the tide of battle in unexpected ways.",
}

FeatsList["wara wara no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Wara Wara no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Straw Straw Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 76],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Wara Wara no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Wara Wara no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Wara Wara no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Straw Doll: As an action, I can create a small straw voodoo doll of a willing creature I touch. If a creature is unwilling, it must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save or if the target is willing, I produce a tiny doll version of that creature which is linked to it, and then absorb it into my body. While I hold at least one doll in my body, any damage I'm dealt can instead be redirected to a creature linked to the corresponding doll I contain. If a creature with a linked doll I contain drops to 0 HP, its corresponding doll is destroyed. Alternatively, I can use a bonus action to expel a doll linked to a creature and negate the effect of this ability on that creature. I can hold up to 10 straw voodoo dolls this way.\n   Straw Monster: As an action, I can spend 4 or more devil fruit charges to use the summon construct spell (Clay), which summons a straw monster that fights for me. I can spend additional devil fruit charges to cast it at higher levels (1 charge per total spell level).\n   Spells (Straw Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: entangle (1 charge), spike growth (2 charges), Straw Form (guardian of nature, great tree form only; 4 charges), compulsion (only targets creatures with straw dolls and save made at disadvantage; 4 charges), dominate person (only a target with a straw doll and save made at disadvantage; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Straw Invulnerability): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to enter an invulnerable straw form for 1 minute. I must concentrate to maintain this form as if it were a spell. During this awakening, I appear as a god-like straw being and I redirect all the damage I take, except force damage, onto the environment around me. When I'm hit by an attack or damaging effect in this form, a non-magical object of my choice that isn't being held or worn within 60 feet of me takes the damage instead of me. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["entangle"],
		selection : ["entangle"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["spike growth"],
		selection : ["spike growth"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["guardian of nature", "compulsion", "summon construct"],
		selection : ["guardian of nature", "compulsion", "summon construct"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["dominate person"],
		selection : ["dominate person"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["yomi yomi no mi"] = {

	name : "Yomi Yomi no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Revive Revive Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 77],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A orange citrus fruit vaguely resembling the shape of a skull, which grants the user a second chance at life after death, imbuing them with spectral powers sourced from the underworld.",
}

FeatsList["yomi yomi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Yomi Yomi no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Revive Revive Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 77],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Yomi Yomi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Yomi Yomi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Yomi Yomi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Rebirth: Upon dying, my soul does not pass on. Instead, after 1 minute, my soul returns to me and I resurrect at the spot of my physical body's death with half of my maximum HP. This resurrection purges any poisons, diseases, or other conditions afflicting me. This does not work if my physical body is completely destroyed.\n   Spectral Form: As a bonus action, I can assume a ghostly, intangible form for up to 10 minutes. While in this form, I can move through other creatures and objects as if they were difficult terrain, though ending my movement inside an object deals 1d10 force damage to me. Attacks against me have disadvantage, and I have immunity to non-magical damage. My physical body is temporarily separated from me while I'm in this form, and is left incapacitated in the spot where I first used this ability until I return to it instantly by spending a bonus action or waiting until the end of the duration. My spectral form and physical body share HP. In my spectral form, I can't fall and remain hovering in the air even when stunned or otherwise incapacitated. I can't talk or manipulate objects, and any objects I was carrying or holding can't be dropped, used, or otherwise interacted with. I also can't attack or cast spells.\n   Gift of the Underworld: I learn the chill touch cantrip, and my melee weapon attacks deal an extra 1d8 cold damage. Additionally, I can spend an action to re-attach any limbs I'm missing.\n   Spells (Underworld Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Ice Slash (ice knife; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), hunger of hadar (3 charges), fear (3 charges), Underworld Barrage (ice storm; 4 charges), Soul Parade (cone of cold; 5 charges), greater restoration (Self; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Underworld Release): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to channel the amazing power of the underworld around me for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. So long as I'm conscious, at the start of each of my turns for the duration, all dead creatures of my choice within 30 feet of me are resurrected, as if brought back by the revivify spell. Once I activate this awakening, I can't do so again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["chill touch"],
		selection : ["chill touch"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["ice knife"],
		selection : ["ice knife"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["hunger of hadar", "fear"],
		selection : ["hunger of hadar", "fear"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["ice storm"],
		selection : ["ice storm"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["cone of cold", "greater restoration"],
		selection : ["cone of cold", "greater restoration"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["ele ele no mi"] = {

	name : "Ele Ele no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Shock Shock Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 78],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A bright yellow fruit with a jagged, crackling pattern across its surface. This fruit grants the user the ability to generate, control, and emit electricity. The holder can electrify their surroundings and channel raw energy.",
}

FeatsList["ele ele no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ele Ele no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Shock Shock Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 78],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ele Ele no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ele Ele no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ele Ele no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Static Body: I learn the shocking grasp cantrip. Additionally, I'm immune to lightning damage.\n   Electrical Discharge: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to emit a wave of electricity in a 15-foot radius around me. Creatures in this area must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, creatures take 3d6 lightning damage, and half as much on a success. The lightning enables or disables (my choice) any electrical device in the area until the end of my next turn.\n   Static Field: As a bonus action, for up to 1 hour or until I fall unconscious, I can raise the electrical current through my body to such an extent that any creature making a melee attack against me and hits within 5 feet takes 1d6 lightning damage. A creature which touches me or starts its turn in contact with me also takes 1d6 lightning damage. I can end this effect early as a bonus action.\n   Spells (Electric Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: witch bolt (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), lightning bolt (3 charges), storm sphere (4 charges), Shocking Current (immolation; deals lightning damage instead of fire; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Static Blast): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast chain lightning at 7th level, without expending a spell slot or material components. Additionally, any electrical devices within 150 feet of me are enabled or disabled (my choice) for 1 minute. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["shocking grasp"],
		selection : ["shocking grasp"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["witch bolt"],
		selection : ["witch bolt"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["lightning bolt"],
		selection : ["lightning bolt"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["storm sphere"],
		selection : ["storm sphere"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["immolation"],
		selection : ["immolation"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["wobba wobba no mi"] = {

	name : "Wobba Wobba no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Wobble Wobble Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 78],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A jelly-like, translucent fruit with an iridescent sheen, mimicking the look of a wobbling gelatin. It's slightly squishy to the touch and has a spiral, coiling stem. This fruit grants the user the ability to induce wobbling vibrations in both living beings and inanimate objects, causing unpredictable disruptions and alterations in their structure and function.",
}

FeatsList["wobba wobba no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Wobba Wobba no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Wobble Wobble Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 78],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Wobba Wobba no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Wobba Wobba no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Wobba Wobba no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Bounce Back: When hit by a melee attack, I can use my reaction and spend 5 devil fruit charges to wobble my form, causing the damage to become 0. The attacker must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the attacker takes half of the damage they would have dealt to me, as the force is bounced back to them.\n   Wobble Infusion: As an action, I can touch an object or creature, making it wobble uncontrollably for up to 1 minute. Non-living objects have their functions disrupted (e.g., a locked door might wobble open, a sword might wobble making it harder to wield). Creatures affected must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC at the start of each of their turns. On a failed save, they are considered to have disadvantage on all attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws until the start of their next turn due to the wobbling. Once a creature saves, it is no longer affected by this ability.\n   Wobble Wave: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge emit a wave of wobbling energy in a 15-foot cone. All objects and creatures within the area are affected as if by the \"Wobble Infusion\" feature. Creatures in the area must also make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be knocked prone.\n   Spells (Wobble Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: earth tremor (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), erupting earth (3 cahrges), confusion (3 charges), gravity sinkhole (4 charges), wrath of nature (caused by precisely wobbling the earth; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Reality Tremor): Once I've awakened my power, I can, as an action, induce a fundamental wobble in the very fabric of reality within a 60-foot radius centered on me. For 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, the ground, air, and everything within the area starts to wobble and shift. Every creature except me within the area have disadvantage on attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws. Additionally, any spells cast within or into the area have a 25% chance to fail, as the wobbling reality distorts their effects. Once I activate this awakening, I can't do so again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["erupting earth", "confusion"],
		selection : ["erupting earth", "confusion"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["gravity sinkhole"],
		selection : ["gravity sinkhole"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wrath of nature"],
		selection : ["wrath of nature"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["gami gami no mi"] = {

	name : "Gami Gami no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Origami Origami Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 79],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A pale, folded fruit with an ornate polygonal shape. The fruit's stem appears twisted, like a thin strip of folded paper. This fruit grants the user the artistry of origami on a grand and magical scale, allowing them to fold and manipulate objects and creatures as if they were paper, as well as turn their own body into a paper-like form.",
}

FeatsList["gami gami no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Gami Gami no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Origami Origami Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 79],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Gami Gami no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Gami Gami no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Gami Gami no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Paper Folding: As an action, I can touch a creature and force it to make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure, it is folded in half like paper causing it to become incapacitated for 1 minute. An affected creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on a success.\n   Origami Forms: As an action, I can touch an allied creature or myself and transform the target into an origami form for 1 minute, or until me or the creature transform back using a bonus action. I can choose one of the following origami forms which gives its own benefits (doesn't stack):\n     Paper Plane: When I fall at least 10 feet above the ground, I can use my reaction to extend my paper wings to glide horizontally a number of feet equal to my walking speed, and I take 0 damage from the fall. I determine the direction of the glide.\n     Paper Boat: I can float and walk on water at a speed equal to my walking speed.\n     Paper Frog: My long jump is up to 20 feet and my high jump is up to 10 feet, with or without a running start.\n     Paper Elephant: I gain a 10 temporary HP.\n     Paper Fox: I gain a +10 feet bonus to my walking speed.\n   Spells (Origami Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: find familiar (Origami-Themed Familiar; 1 charge), Paper Fall (feather fall; 1 charge), Paper Wings (fly; Self; 3 charges), fabricate (folding objects into new shapes; 4 charges), Origami Hand (as bigby's hand but made of origami paper; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Origami Vortex): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast whirlwind, without expending a spell slot or material components, as origami birds emerge and create a vortex of wind. Additionally, me and allied creatures within 300 feet of me grow paper wings and gain 60 feet of flying speed for the duration of whirlwind (and do not take fall damage if they fall immediately after this ability is used). I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["find familiar", "feather fall"],
		selection : ["find familiar", "feather fall"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fly"],
		selection : ["fly"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["fabricate"],
		selection : ["fabricate"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["bigby's hand"],
		selection : ["bigby's hand"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["shuffu shuffu no mi"] = {

	name : "Shuffu Shuffu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Card Card Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 79],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A white apple with playing card suits decorating its surface, and its stem mimics the appearance of a joker card. This fruit grants the power of playing cards upon its user. The wielder can manifest and manipulate playing cards with varying effects and even adopt traits from the cards themselves.",
}

FeatsList["shuffu shuffu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Shuffu Shuffu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Card Card Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 79],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Shuffu Shuffu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Shuffu Shuffu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Shuffu Shuffu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Card Manifestation: As an action, I can produce up to 52 playing cards from my hands. These cards are razor-sharp and can be thrown as ranged weapons with a range of 30/90 feet, dealing 1d6 slashing damage on a hit. I cannot use this action again to produce playing cards until the next dawn. I can only have up to 52 playing cards at a time.\n   Card Infusion: I can infuse my actions with the power of one of the card suits. As a bonus action, I burn a number of cards based on the suit to adopt one of the following stances, which lasts until the start of my next turn:\n     Hearts (12 cards): When me or an ally within 30 feet are targeted by an attack, I can use my reaction to attempt to block the attack being made against the target with cards. The attack is instead made at disadvantage. I must declare this reaction before the result of the attack roll is given.\n     Diamonds (9 cards): Any card-based attacks I make deal an additional 2d8 radiant damage as they gleam with a dazzling shine.\n     Clubs (4 cards): I can use my cards as a melee weapon, dealing 2d8 bludgeoning damage on a hit.\n     Spades (1 card): I can dig or tunnel through the ground up to 10 feet during my turn with my card, as it slices through solid materials like a shovel through dirt.\n   Spells (Card Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Numbered Cards (magic missile; 1 charge; can be casted at higher levels by spending additional charges), Face Cards (crown of madness; 2 charges), Ace (fireball; 3 charges), or Joker (mislead; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Final Draw): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to regain all expended playing cards which are reshuffled into my hand and cast crown of stars (with glowing cards instead of motes of light). Once I activate this awakening, I can't do so again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [ {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["magic missile"],
		selection : ["magic missile"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["crown of madness"],
		selection : ["crown of madness"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fireball"],
		selection : ["fireball"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["mislead"],
		selection : ["mislead"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["moa moa no mi"] = {

	name : "Moa Moa no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Quality Quality Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 80],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A gleaming, oversized pearl-like fruit with shimmering hues of blue and silver. Its surface pulses with a soft light, and has a swirling, thick stem. This fruit grants the incredible ability to amplify the inherent qualities of any object or creature they touch, making them larger, faster, and more potent.",
}

FeatsList["moa moa no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Moa Moa no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Quality Quality Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 80],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Moa Moa no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Moa Moa no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Moa Moa no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Qualitative Touch: I learn the magic stone cantrip. As an action, I can touch an object or creature. Depending on my intent, I can magnify one of the following qualities:\n     Size: I can increase the size of the touched object or creature by one category (up to Gargantuan). If a creature is enlarged in this manner, it gains the benefits of the enlarge/reduce spell (only enlarge). This increase lasts for 1 minute.\n     Speed: I double the movement speed of the touched object or creature for 1 round.\n     Strength: I amplify the strength of the touched object or creature. If an object is enhanced, its damage threshold increases by 20. If a creature is enhanced in this manner, it gains advantage on Strength checks, Strength Saves, and Strength-based attack rolls. This boost lasts for 1 round.\n   Empowerment Pulse: As an action, I can expend 1 devil fruit charge to release a wave of energy in a 30-foot radius. All allies within this radius have one of the qualities (Size, Speed, or Strength) enhanced, as per my \"Qualitative Touch\", until the end of my next turn.\n   Spells (Amplification Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: catapult (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), jump (1 charge), enhance ability (2 charges), conjure barrage (3 charges), haste (3 charges), freedom of movement (4 charges), conjure volley (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Qualitative Realm): Once I've awakened my power, as an action I can envelop a 30-foot radius around me in a shimmering dome for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. Within this realm, the very air seems charged with energy. All objects and allies inside gain all the benefits of my \"Qualitative Touch\" simultaneously, while enemies find one of their qualities diminished if they fail a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC when the dome is created (Size is reduced by one category, Speed is halved, or Strength-based attacks deal 1d4 less damage) for the duration. A creature which has its equalities diminished can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns. Once I activate this awakening, I can't do so again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["magic stone"],
		selection : ["magic stone"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["catapult", "jump"],
		selection : ["catapult", "jump"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["enhance ability"],
		selection : ["enhance ability"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure barrage", "haste"],
		selection : ["conjure barrage", "haste"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["freedom of movement"],
		selection : ["freedom of movement"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["conjure volley"],
		selection : ["conjure volley"],
		firstCol : 6
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["buki buki no mi"] = {

	name : "Buki Buki no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Armory Armory Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 80],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "The Buki Buki no Mi looks akin to a steel-gray pomegranate with sharp, angular facets. Its sheen reflect slight as if made of polished metal, and the stem is shaped like the handle of a small dagger. This fruit allows its user to transform parts of their body, or even their entire form, into various weapons. This unique power renders the user a veritable one-person armory, aptly termed a Full-Body Weapon Human.",
}

FeatsList["buki buki no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Buki Buki no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Armory Armory Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 80],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Buki Buki no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Buki Buki no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Buki Buki no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Weapon Morphing: As a bonus action, I can transform apart of my body into any weapon (e.g., swords, shields, bows, firearms, etc.), it's considered magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance. I can use this part of my body as a weapon attack, and I'm proficient with it. I can only use one weapon active this way at a time, and can dismiss it using a bonus action.\n   Full-Body Arsenal: As an action, I can morph my entire body into a larger weapon or siege equipment (like a ballista or catapult). While in this form, I cannot move or take other actions, but allies can use the weaponized form to attack. This transformation lasts for 1 minute or until I end it as a bonus action.\n   Impenetrable Defense: My AC can't be less than 18, regardless of what kind of armor I'm wearing. By spending 1 devil fruit charge as a bonus action, I can gain a +2 bonus to my AC for up to 1 minute or until I fall unconscious (this effect doesn't stack).\n   Spells (Weapon Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: thunderous smite (1 charge), cloud of daggers (2 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), conjure barrage (3 charges), staggering smite (4 charges), stoneskin (Self; 4 charges), conjure volley (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Living Armory): Once I've awakened my power, as an action, I create a whirlwind of shifting weaponry around I for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. Blades, firearms, and other armaments constantly morph and reshape across my body. For the next minute, whenever a creature starts its turn within 30 feet of me or moves into that area for the first time on a turn it must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure, it takes 6d10 bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing damage from the weapons, or half as much on a success. After using this feature, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["thunderous smite"],
		selection : ["thunderous smite"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["cloud of daggers"],
		selection : ["cloud of daggers"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure barrage"],
		selection : ["conjure barrage"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["staggering smite", "stoneskin"],
		selection : ["staggering smite", "stoneskin"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["conjure volley"],
		selection : ["conjure volley"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["senko senko no mi"] = {

	name : "Senko Senko no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Flash Flash Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 81],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A radiant, lemon-yellow fruit that appears to softly glow from within, even incomplete darkness. This fruit grants the user the ability to harness and control light, allowing them to create blinding flashes, become a being of pure light, or even manipulate the perceptions of others through illusions.",
}

FeatsList["senko senko no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Senko Senko no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Flash Flash Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 81],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Senko Senko no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Senko Senko no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Senko Senko no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Light Being: I'm immune to radiant damage and the blinded condition. Additionally, I emit bright light in a 15-foot radius anddim light for an additional 15 feet. I can turn this light on or off as a bonus action. I can use an action to expand or reduce the radius of bright and dim light by 5 feet each, to a maximum of 30 feet each or a minimum of 10 feet each.\n   Blinding Flash: As an action, I can release a powerful burst of light from my body. All creatures within a 30-foot radius must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be blinded until the end of their next turn.\n   Spells (Flash Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: faerie fire (1 charge), mirror image (2 charges), daylight (3 charges), blinding smite (3 charges), sickening radiance (4 charges), wall of light (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Prismatic Surge): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast sunburst, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["blinded"]
	},

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["fearie fire"],
		selection : ["fearie fire"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["mirror image"],
		selection : ["mirror image"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["daylight", "blinding smite"],
		selection : ["daylight", "blinding smite"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["sickening radiance"],
		selection : ["sickening radiance"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wall of light"],
		selection : ["wall of light"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["pamu pamu no mi"] = {

	name : "Pamu Pamu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Rupture Rupture Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 81],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A vivid crimson fruit with a rough, bumpy surface reminiscent of eruptive textures. This fruit grants its user the ability to make any object they touch swell and erupt on command. The eruption's strength can vary, from a simple pop to a massive blast.",
}

FeatsList["pamu pamu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Pamu Pamu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Rupture Rupture Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 81],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Pamu Pamu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Pamu Pamu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Pamu Pamu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Explosion Immunity: I gain immunity to thunder damage.\n   Touch of Detonation: As an action, I can touch an inanimate object or part of a surface, imbuing no larger than a 5-foot area of it with eruptive energy. As a bonus action on subsequent turns, I can detonate the object if it is within 60-feet of you, causing it to erupt and explode and deal 3d8 thunder damage to all creatures within a 10-foot radius of the touched spot. The explosion destroys the object if it is medium-size, and destroys a 5-foot cube of the surface if it is non-magical. Only a number of spots equal to my proficiency bonus can remain imbued by this ability at a time, and it can only remain explosive in this way for 1 hour.\n   Controlled Blast: As a bonus action, when I hit a creature with a weapon attack, I can cause the weapon or ammunition hitting them to briefly swell and erupt, dealing an additional 2d8 thunder damage to the target. This does not destroy the weapon.\n   Spells (Rupture Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: thunderwave (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), shatter (2 charges), thunder step (3 charges), erupting earth (3 charges), destructive wave (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Omnipresent Explosion): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast reality break, without expending a spell slot or material components, as I cause space and time around the target to rupture randomly. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["thunderwave"],
		selection : ["thunderwave"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["shatter"],
		selection : ["shatter"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["thunder step", "erupting earth"],
		selection : ["thunder step", "erupting earth"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["destructive wave"],
		selection : ["destructive wave"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["wapu wapu no mi"] = {

	name : "Wapu Wapu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Teleport Teleport Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 82],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A shimmering violet fruit with spiral patterns cascading from its top to its base. The fruit has a transient feel to it, almost as if it's not entirely there, with subtle pulses of light emanating from within. This fruit gives its user the remarkable ability to teleport themselves and, to a limited extent, other objects or people. With a thought, the user can vanish from one location and reappear in another.",
}

FeatsList["wapu wapu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Wapu Wapu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Teleport Teleport Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 81],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Wapu Wapu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Wapu Wapu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Wapu Wapu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Blinking Step: As a bonus action, I can teleport to any location I can see within 60 feet. I must have a clear line of sight to my destination.\n   Phase Shift: As an action, I can touch an object or a willing creature, making them vanish and reappear at any location I can see within 30 feet. The size of the object orcreature cannot exceed a 10-foot cube.\n   Distant Warp: Once per 24 hours, as an action, I can visualize a location I've previously visited and teleport there, regardless of the distance. The location must be on the same plane of existence. I can spend 6 devil fruit charges to bring up to eight willing creatures within 10 feet of me with me.\n   Spells (Teleporting Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: thunder step (3 charges), dimension door (4 charges), teleportation circle (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Chaotic Warpgate): Once I've awakened my power, as an action, I can force all creatures of my choice within 30 feet of me to make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, a creature is teleported to a random location of the DM's choice that must be at least 100 miles away from me. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["thunder step"],
		selection : ["thunder step"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["dimension door"],
		selection : ["dimension door"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["teleportation circle"],
		selection : ["teleportation circle"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["fude fude no mi"] = {

	name : "Fude Fude no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Paint Paint Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 82],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A gradient fruit, transitioning from dark indigo at its top to a pastel pink at its base. It feels like soft bristles to the touch, with swirled patterns reminiscent of flowing ink or paint. This fruit grants its user the mystical ability to bring their artistic creations to life. By drawing or painting with their hands or tools, the user can create tangible, functioning objects or creatures from their imagination.",
}

FeatsList["fude fude no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Fude Fude no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Paint Paint Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 82],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Fude Fude no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Fude Fude no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Fude Fude no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Artist's Knowledge: I can spend an action to manifest Painter's supplies into my hands, which I'm proficient with. I have advantage on any check made using Painter's supplies.\n   Artistic Creation: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to paint a creature or an object on a surface, then peel it off to make it manifest for up to 1 hour. I must maintain concentration on this power to keep it (like concentration on a spell), or else the creature will return to my book. This can create simple objects no larger than huge or non-hostile, non-magical beasts (like horses, dogs, etc.) with a CR no greaterthan 1. The created creatures are friendly to me and my companions and follow simple commands.\n   Spells (Artistic Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. You can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast oneof the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Ink Cloud (fog cloud; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), find steed (2 charges), conjure animals (3 charges), conjure barrage (3 charges), conjure woodland beings (4 charges), conjure minor elemetnals (4 charges), find greater steed (4 charges), conjure elemental (5 charges), conjure volley (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Final Masterpiece): Once I've awakened my power, as an action, I can cast animal shapes, without expending a spell slot or material components. Instead of targeting creatures, I instead target a number of animal artpieces I've created on a surface within range to transform. After using this feature, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["fog cloud"],
		selection : ["fog cloud"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["find steed"],
		selection : ["find steed"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["conjure animals", "conjure barrage"],
		selection : ["conjure animals", "conjure barrage"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["conjure woodland beings", "conjure minor elementals", "find greater steed"],
		selection : ["conjure woodland beings", "conjure minor elementals", "find greater steed"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["conjure elemental", "conjure elemental"],
		selection : ["conjure elemental", "conjure elemental"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["ito ito no mi"] = {

	name : "Ito Ito no Mi",

	nameAlt : "String String Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 83],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A light gray pear with swirling patterns on its surface that allows its user to create, manipulate, and control string. The user's mastery over string can be employed for both offensive and defensive purposes, as well as for puppetry, ensnaring, or even flight.",
}

FeatsList["ito ito no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ito Ito no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "String String Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 83],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ito Ito no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ito Ito no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ito Ito no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   String Creation: As a bonus action, I can create strings from any part of my body, which last for 1 minute. These strings are incredibly durable and sharp, and extend up to 120 feet from me. I can make a ranged weapon attack with them, dealing 2d8 slashing damage on a hit. I'm proficient with these strings, and I can use Dexterity or Strength for the attack and damage rolls. Additionally, I can use an action to attempt to trap a creature I can see within 120 feet in my strings. The creature must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or become restrained by string. A creature restrained by the string can use its action to make a Strength check against my Devil Fruit save DC. If it succeeds, it is no longer restrained.\n   String Puppetry: As an action, I can attempt to control a creautre I have restrained with my strings. The creature must succeed on a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be controlled by me until the start of my next turn. While controlled, the creature moves and acts as I dictate on its turn.\n   Bird Cage: As an action, I can spend 6 devil fruit charges to cast wall of force, no material components required. However, I can only form it into a hemispherical dome with a radius of 10 miles. While I maintain concentration on this wall, I can use an action to decrease its radius by 1 mile once per minute. The decrease doesn't happen immediately, but rather slowly over the next minute. Non-magical objects are pushed along with the wall when the radius decreases, or get destroyed if they are fixed in place. The wall does not extend into the material plane.\n   Spells (String Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: String Tentacles (arms of hadar, but deals bludgeoning damage; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), web (2 charges), hold person (2 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), String Puppet (crown of madness; 2 charges), String Clones (mirror image; 2 charges), Sky Path (fly; 3 charges), String Parade (compulsion; 4 charges), or hold monster (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (String World): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast blade barrier, without expending spell slots or material components, by creating sharp string sheets from objects around me. While the blade barrier is active, I can use a bonus action on my turn to move and reshape the blades in any way I choose (up to the range of the spell). Additionally, as an action, I can sacrifice up to 10 feet of the blade barrier in diameter and length to use \"God Thread\". When I do so, I shoot out a sharp arrow of concentrated string a 100 foot long and 5 foot line originating from me. Any creature in the line must make a Dexterity save against my Devil Fruit save DC. A creature takes 6d10 piercing damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. After using this feature, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["arms of hadar"],
		selection : ["arms of hadar"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["crown of maddness", "hold person", "web", "mirror image"],
		selection : ["crown of maddness", "hold person", "web", "mirror image"],
		times : 4,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fly"],
		selection : ["fly"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["compulsion"],
		selection : ["compulsion"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["hold monster"],
		selection : ["hold monster"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["wall of force"],
		selection : ["wall of force"],
		firstCol : 6
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["haipa haipa no mi"] = {

	name : "Haipa Haipa no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Speed Speed Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 84],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A pineapple with a shimmering silver-blue hue. It has patterns that resemble trails of gusty winds wrapping around it. This fruit bestows its user with unparalleled speed, reflexes, and the ability to think at an accelerated rate, making them a true \"Speed Human\".",
}

FeatsList["haipa haipa no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Haipa Haipa no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Speed Speed Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 84],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Haipa Haipa no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Haipa Haipa no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Haipa Haipa no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Unparalled Speed: I gain a +30 feet bonus to my movement speed.\n   Quick Reflexes: I can spend 1 devil fruit charge as a bonus action to take the dodge, disengage, or dash action.\n   Evasion: When I'm subjected to an effect that allows me to make a Dexterity saving throw to take only half damage, I instead take no damage if I succeed on the saving throw, and only half damage if I fail.\n   Spells (Velocity Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: jump (Self; 1 charge), blur (2 charges), misty step (2 charges), haste (Self; 3 charges), freedom of movement (Self; 4 charges), steel wind strike (5 charges), swift quiver (5 charges), or far step (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Mass Acceleration): Once I've awakened my power, as an action, I can create a zone of accelerated time in a 120-foot radius centered on myself. Inside this zone, all allies' speed is doubled, and they gain advantage on Dexterity saving throws. Any hostile creature's speed is halved, and they have disadvantage on Dexterity saving throws. This effect lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. After using this feature, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours.",

	speed : {

		allModes : "+30"
	},

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["jump"],
		selection : ["jump"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["blur", "misty step"],
		selection : ["blur", "misty step"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["haste"],
		selection : ["haste"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["freedom of movement"],
		selection : ["freedom of movement"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["steel wind strike", "swift quiver", "far step"],
		selection : ["steel wind strike", "swift quiver", "far step"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["raki raki no mi"] = {

	name : "Raki Raki no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Luck Luck Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 84],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A radiant golden star fruit with glimmering star patterns etched onto its skin. This fruit grants its user the power to manipulate luck, bringing fortune to themselves or casting misfortune onto others, turning the user into a \"Luck Human\".",
}

FeatsList["raki raki no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Raki Raki no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Luck Luck Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 84],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Raki Raki no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Raki Raki no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Raki Raki no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Luck Control: I learn the guidance cantrip. Additionally, as a bonus action on my turn, I can spend 3 devil fruit charges to use a \"Luck\" die. I roll a d20 and record the number rolled. For the next hour, I can replace any attack roll, saving throw, or ability check made by me or a creature that I can see with the result of this dice. I must choose to do so before the roll, and I can replace a roll in this way only once per turn. I can only hold one Luck die at a time.\n   Luck Thief: As an action, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to touch a creature within 5 feet of me. It must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature has disadvantage on one roll of my choice per round while I have advantage one roll of my choice per round, for 1d4 rounds. The creature can make another Wisdom save at the end of each of its turn to end this effect on itself and me.\n   Spells (Fortune Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: bane (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), bless (1 charge, andcan cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), fortune's favor (2 charges), bestow curse (3 charges), circle of power (5 charges), or Deadly Misfortune (contagion; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Wheel of Fortune): Once I've awakened my power, as an action, I can create a zone of intensified fortune within a 30-foot radius centered on myself. While inside this zone, me and up to four other allied creatures roll a d20 at the start of their turn and must record the result. Until the start of its next turn, any creature that makes this roll can use the result in place any any attack roll, saving throw, or ability check made by itself or another creature it can see inside the zone. It must choose to do so before the roll, and it can replace a roll in this way only once per turn. This effect lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. After using this feature, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["guidance"],
		selection : ["guidance"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["bane", "bless"],
		selection : ["bane", "bless"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["fortune's favor"],
		selection : ["fortune's favor"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["bestow curse"],
		selection : ["bestow curse"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["circle of power", "contagion"],
		selection : ["circle of power", "contagion"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["peto peto no mi"] = {

	name : "Peto Peto no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Mind Mind Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 85],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A deep green fruit, covered in a slimy gel-like substance that has an eerie shine to it. Its appearance is reminiscent of an overripe lime, with multiple wrinkles and soft spots, yet it glistens in any form of light. This fruit grants its user the ability to control the minds of living creatures by placing upon them a green, gel-like collar, turning the user into a \"Mind Control Human\".",
}

FeatsList["peto peto no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Peto Peto no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Mind Mind Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 85],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Peto Peto no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Peto Peto no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Peto Peto no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Collar Creation: As an action, I can produce a green gel-like collar from my hand. Placing this collar on a creature requires a melee or ranged Devil Fruit spell attack if they resist. Alternatively, a willing creature can be given a collar without the need for a roll. Any creature wearing this collar has disadvantage on any Enchantment spells I cast on it. Escaping the collar requires a successful DC 20 Dexterity check. Breaking them requires a successful DC 20 Strength check. A collar has 15 HP and 20 AC. If I fall unconscious, all collars are destroyed.\n   Enthrall: Once a creature has a collar on them, I can use an action to attempt to control it. The creature must make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit DC. On a failed save, the creature is under my control and charmed by me for up to 1 hour, during which they will follow any verbal commands. If the creature receives a command that might result in danger for itself, it gets another saving throw to resist the command. Removing the collar ends the control effect.\n   Spells (Mental Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. Any spell cast using this feature must target creatures wearing one of my collars. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: command (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), suggestion (2 charges), enthrall (2 charges), fast friends (3 charges), confusion (4 charges), dominate beast (4 charges), compulsion (4 charges), dominate person (5 charges), or geas (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Master Manipulator): Once I've awakened my power, I can control multiple creatures simultaneously. As an action, I can produce and place special collars which emerge out of the ground on up to 5 creatures within 30 feet of me. This feature requires each creature wearing one of my collars to immediately make a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit DC or be controlled as per the \"Enthrall\" feature. These awakened collars last for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious, after which they are destroyed. After using this feature, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["command"],
		selection : ["command"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["suggestion", "enthrall"],
		selection : ["suggestion", "enthrall"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fast friends"],
		selection : ["fast friends"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["confusion", "dominate beast", "compulsion"],
		selection : ["confusion", "dominate beast", "compulsion"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["dominate person", "geas"],
		selection : ["dominate person", "geas"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["hemo hemo no mi"] = {

	name : "Hemo Hemo no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Blood Blood Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 85],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A deep crimson pomegranate with darker vein-like patterns crisscrossing its surface. This fruit grants its user the chilling ability to manipulate and control blood, both their ownand that of others. This fearsome power crowns the user as the \"Blood Bender\".",
}

FeatsList["hemo hemo no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hemo Hemo no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Blood Blood Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 85],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hemo Hemo no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hemo Hemo no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hemo Hemo no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Hematokinesis: I learn the infestation cantrip, no material components required, which allows me to control the blood in other living creatures.\n   Blood Drain: When I hit a creature with a melee weapon or melee spell attack, I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to absorb its blood. On a hit, the target takes an additional 2d6 necrotic damage, and I regain HP equal to half the necrotic damage dealt.\n   Vascular Control: As an action, I choose a creature within 60 feet. They must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit DC or be paralyzed until the end of my next turn. Alternatively, on a failed save, I can instead have the creature use all of its movement to move in a direction of my choice during its turn.\n   Spells (Blood Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: inflict wounds (Can be casted at higher levels by spending additional charges; 1 charge), ray of enfeeblement (2 charges), hold person (2 charges), Blood Bridge (as life transference; 3 charges), vampiric touch (3 charges), Staunch (as stoneskin, but the user's skin becomes iron-hard due to concentrated blood; 4 charges), blight (4 charges), Blood Puppet (as dominate person but only works on bleeding targets; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Total Blood Puppet): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast finger of death, without expending a spell slot or material components, as I ravage the target's body with my blood control. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["infestation"],
		selection : ["infestation"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["inflict wounds"],
		selection : ["inflict wounds"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["ray of enfeeblement", "hold person"],
		selection : ["ray of enfeeblement", "hold person"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["life transference", "vampiric touch"],
		selection : ["life transference", "vampiric touch"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["stoneskin", "blight"],
		selection : ["stoneskin", "blight"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["dominate person"],
		selection : ["dominate person"],
		firstCol : 6
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["ton ton no mi"] = {

	name : "Ton Ton no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Ton Ton Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 86],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "An extremely heavy, dark gray-colored cylindrical melon with a sturdy stem and swirls across its surface. This fruit grants the user the ability to manipulate their weight without changing their size. At will, the user can become as light as a feather or as heavy as a ton, granting them significant advantages in combat and mobility.",
}

FeatsList["ton ton no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ton Ton no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Ton Ton Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 86],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ton Ton no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ton Ton no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ton Ton no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Weight Manipulation: As an action, I can adjust my weight to 1 gram or 10,000 tons for 1 minute, or return to my regular weight. Changing my weight does not change my physical size or shape, and I return to my normal weight if I'm knocked unconscious.\n     1 gram: My movement speed doubles, I can move over water or fragile surfaces without breaking them, I don't take fall damage, and I make Dexterity checks and saving throws at advantage but make Strength checks and saving throws at disadvantage. My jump distance is also tripled.\n     10,000 tons: My melee attacks deal an extra 4d8 bludgeoning damage, my speed and jump distance is halved, and I make Strength checks and saving throws at advantage but make Dexterity checks and saving throws at disadvantage. I'm also immune to being pushed or pulled against my will.\n   Hell Vice: When I'm in the air (such as from a jump or fall), as a part of my action to become 10,000 tons, I can also deliver a crushing blow to enemies below me. All creatures within a 15-foot radius from where I land must make a Strength or Dexterity saving throw (their choice) against my Devil Fruit save DC or take 8d10 bludgeoning damage and be knocked prone. If they succeed, they take half damage and aren't knocked prone. I do not take fall damage so long as I don't fall more than 30 feet as a part of this ability.\n   Spells (Ton Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: earth tremor (while 10,000 tons; Self; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), misty step (while 1 gram; 2 charges), erupting earth (while 10,000 tons; Self; Doesn't affect me; 3 charges), levitate (while 1 gram; Self; 3 charges), destructive wave (while 10,000 tons; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Final Vice): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast gravity fissure at 9th level, without expending a spell slot or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["misty step"],
		selection : ["misty step"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["erupting earth", "levitate"],
		selection : ["erupting earth", "levitate"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["destructive wave"],
		selection : ["destructive wave"],
		firstCol : 4
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["bigu bigu no mi"] = {

	name : "Bigu Bigu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Grow Grow Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 86],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A bulky fruit with an exterior resembling inflated, tight green skin, with sporadic, oversized pores. This fruit grants its user the wondrous power to increase their size, transforming them into a colossal version of themselves and earning them the epithet of the \"Giant Human\".",
}

FeatsList["bigu bigu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Bigu Bigu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Grow Grow Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 86],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Bigu Bigu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Bigu Bigu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Bigu Bigu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Growing Might: As an action, I can increase my size up to Gargantuan, along with anything I'm wearing or carrying. This growth lasts for 10 minutes or until I end it as a bonus action. While grown, I increase the weapon damage dice on Strength-based weapons I wield by 1d4 for each size category greater I am than Medium, and I gain advantage on Strength checks and Strength saving throws.\n   Extended Reach: My reach increases by 5 feet for each size category greater than Medium I am when I'm enlarged using my \"Growing Might\" feature.\n   Spells (Growth Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: earth tremor (while at increased size; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), erupting earth (while at increased size; Self; Doesn't affect me; 3 charges), destructive wave (while at increased size; 5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Titanic Surge): Upon awakening, as an action, I can increase the sizes of up to four allies using my \"Growing Might\" feature, as well as giving them the benefits of my \"Extended Reach\" feature. Additionally, I can increase the size of any non-magical object that isn't being held or worn within 60 feet of me to Garganutan. This effect lasts for 1 minute, or until I fall unconscious. After using this feature, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["erupting earth"],
		selection : ["erupting earth"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["destructive wave"],
		selection : ["destructive wave"],
		firstCol : 3
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["mosa mosa no mi"] = {

	name : "Mosa Mosa no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Plant Plant Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 87],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A small, lime-green melon with twisting vine patterns wrapping around its surface. This fruit grants its user the incredible ability to stimulate and control rapid plant growth, from the tiniest of seeds to the mightiest of trees. The user becomes known as the \"Plant Human\".",
}

FeatsList["mosa mosa no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mosa Mosa no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Plant Plant Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 87],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mosa Mosa no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mosa Mosa no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mosa Mosa no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Plant Growth: I learn the thorn whip cantrip. Additionallly, as a bonus action, I can cause any seeds or plants within a 10-foot radius to grow at an accelerated rate. The plants can be manipulated to grow in shapes or directions I desire. I can use this to make the area difficult terrain, produce 100 feet of rope-like vines, or double the size of a plant (up to Gargantuan).\n   Nature's Embrace: I can spend an action to summon thick vines and foliage from the ground or nearby vegetation to restrain enemies. Creatures within 10 feet of me must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit DC or be restrained. They can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of their turns to break free.\n   Spells (Plant Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: entangle (1 charge), goodberry (1 charge), locate animals or plants (plants only; 2 charges), spike growth (2 charges), plant growth (3 charges), speak with plants (3 charges), grasping vine (4 charges), awaken (plants only; 5 charges), or wrath of nature (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Living Forest): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast druid grove (casting time 1 action), without expending a spell slot or material components, as I awaken the plant life around me. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["thorn whip"],
		selection : ["thorn whip"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["entangle", "goodberry"],
		selection : ["entangle", "goodberry"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["locate animals or plants", "spike growth"],
		selection : ["locate animals or plants", "spike growth"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["plant growth", "speak with plants"],
		selection : ["plant growth", "speak with plants"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["grasping vine"],
		selection : ["grasping vine"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["awaken", "wrath of nature"],
		selection : ["awaken", "wrath of nature"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 6
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["shiku shiku no mi"] = {

	name : "Shiku Shiku no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Sick Sick Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 87],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A sickly green, bulbous fruit with purple pulsating veins that allows its user to induce and control various diseases, making the user a \"Disease Human\". The wielder can cause mild to severe illnesses in targets, but also has the unique ability to draw upon the strength of the diseases they control.",
}

FeatsList["shiku shiku no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Shiku Shiku no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Sick Sick Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 87],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Shiku Shiku no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Shiku Shiku no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Shiku Shiku no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Disease Immunity: I'm immune to all diseases, both mundane and magical.\n   Infectious Touch: As an action, I can touch a creature, forcing them to make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the target contracts a disease of my choice (it must save against my Devil Fruit DC for each disease):\n     Cackle Fever\n     Sewer Plauge\n     Sight Rot\n     Hormone Reversal: A creature's sex is swapped after 1d4 hours. A creature can attempt to recover from this condition by repeating the Constitution save after it finishes a long rest. Once it recovers from this disease, it becomes immune to it.\n   Pandemic Wave: As an action, I can spend 3 devil fruit charges to unleash a wave of disease in a 30-foot radius. Every creature within the radius must make a Constitution saving throw or contract a disease of my choice (see \"Infectious Touch\").\n   Spells (Pathogenic Techniques): This devil fruit power has 9 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: ray of sickness (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Sudden Fever (phantasmal force; 2 charges), Extreme Fever (phantasmal killer; 4 charges), blight (4 charges), contagion (5 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Pestilence Wave): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast contagion, without expending a spell slot or material components, on each creature of my choice within 30 feet of me. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["disease"]
	},

	usages : 9,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 9",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["thorn whip"],
		selection : ["thorn whip"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charges",
		spells : ["ray of sickness"],
		selection : ["ray of sickness"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["phantasmal force"],
		selection : ["phantasmal force"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["plant growth", "speak with plants"],
		selection : ["plant growth", "speak with plants"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["phantasmal killer", "blight"],
		selection : ["phantasmal killer", "blight"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["contagion"],
		selection : ["contagion"],
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["inu inu no mi, model: wolf"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Wolf",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Wolf",

	source : ["DFE", 88],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a gray and black peach with thick fuzz across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a large wolf.",
}

FeatsList["inu inu no mi, model: wolf, consumed"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Wolf, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Wolf, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 88],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Wolf",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Wolf, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Wolf, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Dire Wolf. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["neko neko no mi, model: lion"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Lion",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Lion",

	source : ["DFE", 88],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a yellow strawberry with swirling patterns across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a lion.",
}

FeatsList["neko neko no mi, model: lion, consumed"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Lion, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Lion, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 88],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Lion",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Lion, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Lion, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Lion. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: giraffe"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Giraffe",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Giraffe",

	source : ["DFE", 89],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as red bananas with swirling patterns across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a giraffe.",
}

FeatsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: giraffe, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Giraffe, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Giraffe, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 89],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Giraffe",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Giraffe, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Giraffe, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giraffe. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giraffe"] = {

	name : "Giraffe",

	source : ["DFE", 89],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 42,

	hd : [5, 12],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [19, 16, 14, 7, 14, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Hooves",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Trampling Charge",
			description : "If the giraffe moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a creature and then hits it with a hooves attack on the same turn, that target musts ucceed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the giraffe can make another attack with its hooves against it as a bonus action."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["neko neko no mi, model: leopard"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Leopard",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Leopard",

	source : ["DFE", 90],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as an orange apple with black circles across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a leopard.",
}

FeatsList["neko neko no mi, model: leopard, consumed"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Leopard, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Leopard, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 90],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Leopard",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Leopard, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Leopard, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Leopard. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["leopard"] = {

	name : "Leopard",

	source : ["DFE", 90],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 37,

	hd : [5, 10],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [17, 15, 14, 3, 12, 8],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 3,
		"stealth" : 6
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pounce",
			description : "If the leopard moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a creature and then hits it with a claw attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the leopard can make one bite attack against it as a bonus action."
		}, {
			name : "Keen Smell",
			description : "The leopard has advantage on Perception checks that rely on smell."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["guwa guwa no mi, model: toad"] = {

	name : "Guwa Guwa no Mi, Model: Toad",

	nameAlt : "Frog Frog Fruit, Model: Toad",

	source : ["DFE", 91],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a vine of green grapes with light-colored swirls across their surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a toad.",
}

FeatsList["guwa guwa no mi, model: toad, consumed"] = {

	name : "Guwa Guwa no Mi, Model: Toad, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Frog Frog Fruit, Model: Toad, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 91],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Guwa Guwa no Mi, Model: Toad",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Guwa Guwa no Mi, Model: Toad, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Guwa Guwa no Mi, Model: Toad, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Toad. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["tori tori no mi, model: vulture"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Vulture",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Vulture",

	source : ["DFE", 91],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a pink and black striped melon. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a vulture.",
}

FeatsList["tori tori no mi, model: vulture, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Vulture, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Vulture, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 91],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Vulture",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Vulture, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Vulture, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Vulture. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: bull"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Bull",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Bull",

	source : ["DFE", 92],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large brown apple with two white horns sticking out of the top. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a bull.",
}

FeatsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: bull, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Bull, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Ox Ox Fruit, Model: Bull, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 92],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Bull",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Bull, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Bull, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Bull. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["bull"] = {

	name : "Bull",

	source : ["DFE", 92],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 42,

	hd : [5, 12],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [19, 16, 14, 7, 14, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Gore",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Charge",
			description : "If the bull moves at least 20 feet straighttoward a target and then hits it with a gore attackon the same turn, the target takes an extra 2d6 piercing damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["tori tori no mi, model: falcon"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Falcon",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Falcon",

	source : ["DFE", 93],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a dark brown apple with a beige bottom and black spots across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a falcon.",
}

FeatsList["tori tori no mi, model: falcon, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Falcon, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Falcon, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 93],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Falcon",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Falcon, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Falcon, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Falcon. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant falcon"] = {

	name : "Giant Falcon",

	source : ["DFE", 93],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 26,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, fly 80 ft",

	scores : [13, 17, 13, 8, 14, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Beak",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Talon",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Sight",
			description : "The leopard has advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["inu inu no mi, model: giant hyena"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Giant Hyena",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Giant Hyena",

	source : ["DFE", 94],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a dark brown apple with a beige bottom and black spots across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a giant hyena.",
}

FeatsList["inu inu no mi, model: giant hyena, consumed"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Giant Hyena, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Giant Hyena, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 94],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Falcon",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Giant Hyena, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Giant Hyena, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Hyena. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["saru saru no mi, model: ape"] = {

	name : "Saru Saru no Mi, Model: Ape",

	nameAlt : "Monkey Monkey Fruit, Model: Ape",

	source : ["DFE", 94],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a dark brown pear with black stripes across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a ape.",
}

FeatsList["saru saru no mi, model: ape, consumed"] = {

	name : "Saru Saru no Mi, Model: Ape, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Monkey Monkey Fruit, Model: Ape, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 94],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Saru Saru no Mi, Model: Ape",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Saru Saru no Mi, Model: Ape, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Saru Saru no Mi, Model: Ape, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Ape. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["zou zou no mi, model: elephant"] = {

	name : "Zou Zou no Mi, Model: Elephant",

	nameAlt : "Elephant Elephant Fruit, Model: Elephant",

	source : ["DFE", 95],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large gray melon with two large ear-like flaps on the side. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a elephant.",
}

FeatsList["zou zou no mi, model: elephant, consumed"] = {

	name : "Zou Zou no Mi, Model: Elephant, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Elephant Elephant Fruit, Model: Elephant, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 95],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Zou Zou no Mi, Model: Elephant",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Zou Zou no Mi, Model: Elephant, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Zou Zou no Mi, Model: Elephant, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Elephant. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["elephant"] = {

	name : "Elephant",

	source : ["DFE", 95],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 47,

	hd : [5, 12],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [19, 16, 17, 7, 14, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Gore",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Stomp",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Trampling Charge",
			description : "If the elephant moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a creature and then hits it with a gore attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 12 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the elephant can make one stomp attack against it as a bonus action."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["musu musu no mi, model: moose"] = {

	name : "Musu Musu no Mi, Model: Moose",

	nameAlt : "Moose Moose Fruit, Model: Moose",

	source : ["DFE", 96],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large bulbous brown fruit with sharp patterns across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a moose.",
}

FeatsList["musu musu no mi, model: moose, consumed"] = {

	name : "Musu Musu no Mi, Model: Moose, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Moose Moose Fruit, Model: Moose, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 96],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Musu Musu no Mi, Model: Moose",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Musu Musu no Mi, Model: Moose, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Musu Musu no Mi, Model: Moose, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Moose. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["moose"] = {

	name : "Moose",

	source : ["DFE", 96],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 42,

	hd : [5, 12],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [19, 16, 17, 7, 14, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Ram",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Hooves",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Charge",
			description : "If the moose moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a target and then hits it with a ram attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 2d6 damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["kuma kuma no mi, model: black bear"] = {

	name : "Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Black Bear",

	nameAlt : "Bear Bear Fruit, Model: Black Bear",

	source : ["DFE", 97],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a black banana with white swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a black bear.",
}

FeatsList["kuma kuma no mi, model: black bear, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Black Bear, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bear Bear Fruit, Model: Black Bear, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 97],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Black Bear",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Black Bear, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Black Bear, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Black Bear. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kuma kuma no mi, model: brown bear"] = {

	name : "Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Brown Bear",

	nameAlt : "Bear Bear Fruit, Model: Brown Bear",

	source : ["DFE", 97],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a rown kiwi with black checkers across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a brown bear.",
}

FeatsList["kuma kuma no mi, model: brown bear, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Brown Bear, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bear Bear Fruit, Model: Brown Bear, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 97],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Brown Bear",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Brown Bear, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Brown Bear, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Brown Bear. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kuma kuma no mi, model: polar bear"] = {

	name : "Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Polar Bear",

	nameAlt : "Bear Bear Fruit, Model: Polar Bear",

	source : ["DFE", 98],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a white strawberry with blue swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a polar bear.",
}

FeatsList["kuma kuma no mi, model: polar bear, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Polar Bear, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bear Bear Fruit, Model: Polar Bear, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 98],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Polar Bear",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Polar Bear, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Polar Bear, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Polar Bear. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: wasp"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Wasp",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Wasp",

	source : ["DFE", 98],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as an armored black pineapple with a sharp stinger-like point at the bottom. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a wasp.",
}

FeatsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: wasp, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Wasp, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Wasp, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 98],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Wasp",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Wasp, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Wasp, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Wasp. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["neko neko no mi, model: tiger"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Tiger",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Tiger",

	source : ["DFE", 99],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a reddish-orange peach with black swirls. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a tiger.",
}

FeatsList["neko neko no mi, model: tiger, consumed"] = {

	name : "Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Tiger, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cat Cat Fruit, Model: Tiger, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 99],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Tiger",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Tiger, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Neko Neko no Mi, Model: Tiger, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Tiger. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["buta buta no mi, model: giant boar"] = {

	name : "Buta Buta no Mi, Model: Giant Boar",

	nameAlt : "Pig Pig Fruit, Model: Giant Boar",

	source : ["DFE", 100],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a black and brown dragonfruit, with white swirls on its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a giant boar.",
}

FeatsList["buta buta no mi, model: giant boar, consumed"] = {

	name : "Buta Buta no Mi, Model: Giant Boar, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Pig Pig Fruit, Model: Giant Boar, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 100],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Buta Buta no Mi, Model: Giant Boar",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Buta Buta no Mi, Model: Giant Boar, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Buta Buta no Mi, Model: Giant Boar, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Boar. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["tori tori no mi, model: eagle"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Eagle",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Eagle",

	source : ["DFE", 100],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a white egg-shaped fruit with golden swirls on its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into an eagle.",
}

FeatsList["tori tori no mi, model: eagle, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Eagle, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Eagle, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 100],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Eagle",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Eagle, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Eagle, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Eagle. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["tori tori no mi, model: hawk"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Hawk",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Hawk",

	source : ["DFE", 101],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a brown apple with golden triangle patterns across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a hawk.",
}

FeatsList["tori tori no mi, model: hawk, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Hawk, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Hawk, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 101],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Hawk",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Hawk, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Hawk, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Hawk. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant hawk"] = {

	name : "Giant Hawk",

	source : ["DFE", 101],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 26,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, fly 60 ft",

	scores : [15, 15, 13, 8, 14, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Beak",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Talons",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Sight",
			description : "The hawk has advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["sai sai no mi, model: rhinoceros"] = {

	name : "Sai Sai no Mi, Model: Rhinoceros",

	nameAlt : "Rhino Rhino Fruit, Model: Rhinoceros",

	source : ["DFE", 102],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a rough gray melon with a four large horns protruding from the top. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a rhinoceros.",
}

FeatsList["sai sai no mi, model: rhinoceros, consumed"] = {

	name : "Sai Sai no Mi, Model: Rhinoceros, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Rhino Rhino Fruit, Model: Rhinoceros, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 102],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Sai Sai no Mi, Model: Rhinoceros",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Sai Sai no Mi, Model: Rhinoceros, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Sai Sai no Mi, Model: Rhinoceros, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Rhinoceros. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kumo kumo no mi, model: tarantula"] = {

	name : "Kumo Kumo no Mi, Model: Tarantula",

	nameAlt : "Spider Spider Fruit, Model: Tarantula",

	source : ["DFE", 102],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a hairy brown peach with black swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a tarantula.",
}

FeatsList["kumo kumo no mi, model: tarantula, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kumo Kumo no Mi, Model: Tarantula, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Spider Spider Fruit, Model: Tarantula, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 102],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kumo Kumo no Mi, Model: Tarantula",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kumo Kumo no Mi, Model: Tarantula, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kumo Kumo no Mi, Model: Tarantula, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Spider. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: king cobra"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: King Cobra",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: King Cobra",

	source : ["DFE", 103],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a hard black pear with lighter scale-like patterns across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a king cobra.",
}

FeatsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: king cobra, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: King Cobra, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: King Cobra, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 103],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: King Cobra",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: King Cobra, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: King Cobra, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant King Cobra. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant king cobra"] = {

	name : "Giant King Cobra",

	source : ["DFE", 103],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 26,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "30 ft, swim 30 ft",

	scores : [14, 18, 12, 1, 10, 3],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 2
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 10 ft",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 2d8 poison damage",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 11 Constitution saving throw, taking the poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["hachu hachu no mi, model: komodo dragon"] = {

	name : "Hachu Hachu no Mi, Model: Komodo Dragon",

	nameAlt : "Reptile Reptile Fruit, Model: Komodo Dragon",

	source : ["DFE", 104],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a gray apple withred scale-like patterns across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a komodo dragon.",
}

FeatsList["hachu hachu no mi, model: komodo dragon, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hachu Hachu no Mi, Model: Komodo Dragon, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Reptile Reptile Fruit, Model: Komodo Dragon, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 104],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hachu Hachu no Mi, Model: Komodo Dragon",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hachu Hachu no Mi, Model: Komodo Dragon, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hachu Hachu no Mi, Model: Komodo Dragon, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Komodo Dragon. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["komodo dragon"] = {

	name : "Komodo Dragon",

	source : ["DFE", 104],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 26,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "30 ft, climb 30 ft",

	scores : [16, 12, 13, 2, 10, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 30 ft",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 2d8 poison damage",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 11 Constitution saving throw, taking the poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["wani wani no mi, model: crocodile"] = {

	name : "Wani Wani no Mi, Model: Crocodile",

	nameAlt : "Crocodile Crocodile Fruit, Model: Crocodile",

	source : ["DFE", 105],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large green pineapple with diamond patterns across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a crocodile.",
}

FeatsList["wani wani no mi, model: crocodile, consumed"] = {

	name : "Wani Wani no Mi, Model: Crocodile, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Crocodile Crocodile Fruit, Model: Crocodile, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 105],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Wani Wani no Mi, Model: Crocodile",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Wani Wani no Mi, Model: Crocodile, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Wani Wani no Mi, Model: Crocodile, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Crocodile. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kuma kuma no mi, model: panda"] = {

	name : "Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Panda",

	nameAlt : "Bear Bear Fruit, Model: Panda",

	source : ["DFE", 105],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a white melon with black dots across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a panda.",
}

FeatsList["kuma kuma no mi, model: panda, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Panda, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bear Bear Fruit, Model: Panda, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 105],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Panda",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Panda, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kuma Kuma no Mi, Model: Panda, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Black Bear (reflavored as a panda). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: praying mantis"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Praying Mantis",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Praying Mantis",

	source : ["DFE", 106],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a small green berry with several sharp protrusions across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a praying mantis.",
}

FeatsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: praying mantis, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Praying Mantis, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Praying Mantis, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 106],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Praying Mantis",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Praying Mantis, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Praying Mantis, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Praying Mantis. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant praying mantis"] = {

	name : "Giant Praying Mantis",

	source : ["DFE", 106],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 13,

	hd : [3, 8],

	speed : "30 ft, fly 30 ft",

	scores : [10, 18, 10, 1, 10, 3],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 30 ft",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Raptorial Leg",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["kaba kaba no mi, model: hippo"] = {

	name : "Kaba Kaba no Mi, Model: Hippo",

	nameAlt : "Hippo Hippo Fruit, Model: Hippo",

	source : ["DFE", 107],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large purple bulbous fruit with swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a hippo.",
}

FeatsList["kaba kaba no mi, model: hippo, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kaba Kaba no Mi, Model: Hippo, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Hippo Hippo Fruit, Model: Hippo, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 107],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kaba Kaba no Mi, Model: Hippo",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kaba Kaba no Mi, Model: Hippo, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kaba Kaba no Mi, Model: Hippo, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Hippo. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["hippo"] = {

	name : "Hippo",

	source : ["DFE", 107],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 42,

	hd : [5, 10],

	speed : "40 ft, swim 30 ft",

	scores : [10, 8, 16, 2, 10, 6],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Slam",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Trampling Charge",
			description : "If the hippopotamus moves at least 20 feet straight toward a creature and then hits it with a slam attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the hippopotamus can make one additional slamattack against it as a bonus action."
		}, {
			name : "Relentless (Recharge short/long rest)",
			description : "If the hippopotamus takes 10 damage or less that would reduce it to 0 HP, it is reduced to 1 HP instead."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["batto batto no mi, model: vampire bat"] = {

	name : "Batto Batto no Mi, Model: Vampire Bat",

	nameAlt : "Bat Bat Fruit, Model: Vampire Bat",

	source : ["DFE", 108],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a crimson apple with dripping patterns across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a vampire bat.",
}

FeatsList["batto batto no mi, model: vampire bat, consumed"] = {

	name : "Batto Batto no Mi, Model: Vampire Bat, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bat Bat Fruit, Model: Vampire Bat, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 108],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Batto Batto no Mi, Model: Vampire Bat",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Batto Batto no Mi, Model: Vampire Bat, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Batto Batto no Mi, Model: Vampire Bat, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Vampire Bat. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant vampire bat"] = {

	name : "Giant Vampire Bat",

	source : ["DFE", 108],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 22,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, fly 60 ft",

	scores : [15, 16, 11, 2, 12, 6],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bloodsucking Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 2d8 necrotic damage",
			modifiers : [5, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Echolocation",
			description : "The bat can't use its blindsight while deafened."
		}, {
			name : "Keen Hearing",
			description : "The bat has advantage on Perception checks that rely on hearing."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["shika shika no mi, model: giant elk"] = {

	name : "Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Giant Elk",

	nameAlt : "Deer Deer Fruit, Model: Giant Elk",

	source : ["DFE", 109],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large brown berry with swirling patterns across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a giant elk.",
}

FeatsList["shika shika no mi, model: giant elk, consumed"] = {

	name : "Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Giant Elk, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Deer Deer Fruit, Model: Giant Elk, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 109],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Giant Elk",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Giant Elk, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Shika Shika no Mi, Model: Giant Elk, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Elk. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["uma uma no mi, model: warhorse"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Warhorse",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Warhorse",

	source : ["DFE", 109],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a hoof-shaped apple with brown stripes across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a warhorse.",
}

FeatsList["uma uma no mi, model: warhorse, consumed"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Warhorse, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Warhorse, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 109],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Warhorse",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Warhorse, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Warhorse, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Warhorse. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kame kame no mi, model: snapping turtle"] = {

	name : "Kame Kame no Mi, Model: Snapping Turtle",

	nameAlt : "Turtle Turtle Fruit, Model: Snapping Turtle",

	source : ["DFE", 110],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large dark green papaya with hard plated armor on its skin. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a snapping turtle.",
}

FeatsList["kame kame no mi, model: snapping turtle, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kame Kame no Mi, Model: Snapping Turtle, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Turtle Turtle Fruit, Model: Snapping Turtle, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 110],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kame Kame no Mi, Model: Snapping Turtle",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kame Kame no Mi, Model: Snapping Turtle, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kame Kame no Mi, Model: Snapping Turtle, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Snapping Turtle. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["snapping turtle"] = {

	name : "Snapping Turtle",

	source : ["DFE", 110],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 17,

	hp : 53,

	hd : [6, 10],

	speed : "30 ft, swim 40 ft",

	scores : [19, 10, 14, 2, 12, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [6, 4, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Amphibious",
			description : "The turtle can breathe air and water."
		}, {
			name : "Stable",
			description : "Whenever an effect knocks the turtle prone, it can make a DC 10 Constitution saving throw to avoid being knocked prone. A prone turtle is upside down. To stand up, it must succeed on a DC 10 Dexterity check on its turn and then use all its movement for that turn."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: bison"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Bison",

	nameAlt : "Cow Cow Fruit, Model: Bison",

	source : ["DFE", 111],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large poofy yellow melon with dark swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a bison.",
}

FeatsList["ushi ushi no mi, model: bison, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Bison, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Cow Cow Fruit, Model: Bison, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 111],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Bison",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Bison, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ushi Ushi no Mi, Model: Bison, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Aurochs (reflavored as a bison). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: anaconda"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Anaconda",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Anaconda",

	source : ["DFE", 111],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a dark green armored strawberry with black circles across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a anaconda.",
}

FeatsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: anaconda, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Anaconda, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Anaconda, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 111],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Anaconda",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Anaconda, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Anaconda, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Constrictor Snake. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: centipede"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Centipede",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Centipede",

	source : ["DFE", 112],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a dark red dragonfruit with hard plated armor and several dark spikes protruding from its skin. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a centipede.",
}

FeatsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: centipede, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Centipede, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Centipede, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 112],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Centipede",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Centipede, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Centipede, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Massive Centipede. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["massive centipede"] = {

	name : "Massive Centipede",

	source : ["DFE", 112],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 26,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "30 ft, climb 30 ft",

	scores : [5, 16, 12, 1, 7, 3],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Blindsight 30 ft",

	passivePerception : 8,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 2d8 poison damage",
			modifiers : [6, 3, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 11 Constitution saving throw, taking the poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. If the poison damage reduces the target to 0 HP, the target is stable but poisoned for 1 hour, even after regaining HP, and is paralyzed while poisoned in this way."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: scorpion"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Scorpion",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Scorpion",

	source : ["DFE", 113],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a bright orange banana with dark red stripes across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a scorpion.",
}

FeatsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: scorpion, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Scorpion, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Scorpion, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 113],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Scorpion",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Scorpion, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Scorpion, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Scorpion. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant scorpion"] = {

	name : "Giant Scorpion",

	source : ["DFE", 113],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 37,

	hd : [5, 10],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [15, 13, 15, 1, 9, 3],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 9,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claws",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled (escape DC 12)",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : "The scorpion has two claws, each of which can grapple only one target."
		}, {
			name : "Sting",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 12 Constitution saving throw, taking 3d10 poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["mogu mogu no mi, model: giant mole"] = {

	name : "Mogu Mogu no Mi, Model: Giant Mole",

	nameAlt : "Mole Mole Fruit, Model: Giant Mole",

	source : ["DFE", 114],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a gray kiwi with pink swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a giant mole.",
}

FeatsList["mogu mogu no mi, model: giant mole, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mogu Mogu no Mi, Model: Giant Mole, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Mole Mole Fruit, Model: Giant Mole, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 114],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mogu Mogu no Mi, Model: Giant Mole",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mogu Mogu no Mi, Model: Giant Mole, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mogu Mogu no Mi, Model: Giant Mole, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Mole. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant mole"] = {

	name : "Giant Mole",

	source : ["DFE", 114],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 71,

	hd : [11, 8],

	speed : "30 ft, burrow 10 ft",

	scores : [14, 17, 15, 2, 12, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Blindsight 30 ft",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: giant hornet"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Giant Hornet",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Giant Hornet",

	source : ["DFE", 115],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a bright yellow banana with black stripes across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a giant hornet.",
}

FeatsList["mushi mushi no mi, model: giant hornet, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Giant Hornet, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Insect Insect Fruit, Model: Giant Hornet, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 115],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Giant Hornet",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Giant Hornet, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mushi Mushi no Mi, Model: Giant Hornet, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Hornet. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant hornet"] = {

	name : "Giant Hornet",

	source : ["DFE", 115],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 14,

	hp : 32,

	hd : [5, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, fly 50 ft",

	scores : [10, 16, 15, 1, 10, 3],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft",

	passivePerception : 9,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Sting",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 4d8 poison damage",
			modifiers : [5, 3, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must make a DC 12 Constitution saving throw, taking the poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage ona successful one. If the poison damage reduces the target to 0 HP, the target is stable but poisoned for 1 hour, even after regaining HP, and is paralyzed while poisoned in this way."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["tori tori no mi, model: albatross"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Albatross",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Albatross",

	source : ["DFE", 116],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a white coconut with golden swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a albatross.",
}

FeatsList["tori tori no mi, model: albatross, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Albatross, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Albatross, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 116],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Albatross",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Albatross, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Albatross, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Albatross. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant albatross"] = {

	name : "Giant Albatross",

	source : ["DFE", 116],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 26,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "10 ft, fly 60 ft",

	scores : [15, 14, 13, 8, 14, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Peck",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Keen Sight",
			description : "The albatross has advantage on Perception checks that rely on sight."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["tori tori no mi, model: ostrich"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Ostrich",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Ostrich",

	source : ["DFE", 117],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large brown berry with a pink top end and red swirls across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a ostrich.",
}

FeatsList["tori tori no mi, model: ostrich, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Ostrich, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Ostrich, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 117],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Ostrich",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Ostrich, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Ostrich, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into an Ostrich. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["ostrich"] = {

	name : "Ostrich",

	source : ["DFE", 117],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 11,

	hp : 42,

	hd : [5, 10],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [15, 12, 16, 2, 10, 15],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Standing Leap",
			description : "The ostrich can jump horizontally up to 20 feet and vertically up to 10 feet, with or without a running start."
		}, {
			name : "Leaping Kick",
			description : "If the ostrich jumps at least 10 feet and lands within 5 feet of a creature, it has advantage on attacks against that creature this turn."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["tori tori no mi, model: owl"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Owl",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Owl",

	source : ["DFE", 118],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a dark white and brown strawberry with black polka dots across its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a owl.",
}

FeatsList["tori tori no mi, model: owl, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Owl, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Owl, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 118],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Owl",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Owl, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Owl, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Giant Owl. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["giant owl"] = {

	name : "Giant Owl",

	source : ["DFE", 118],

	size : 2,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 12,

	hp : 26,

	hd : [4, 10],

	speed : "5 ft, fly 60 ft",

	scores : [15, 15, 13, 8, 13, 10],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 5,
		"stealth" : 4
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	passivePerception : 15,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "1/2",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Talons",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [4, 2, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Flyby",
			description : "The owl doesn't provoke opportunity attacks when it flies out of an enemy's reach."
		}, {
			name : "Keen Hearing and Sight",
			description : "The owl has advantage on Perception checks that rely on hearing or sight."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["nikyu nikyu no mi"] = {

	name : "Nikyu Nikyu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Paw Paw Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 119],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A light-beige, paw-shaped fruit with swirls and dark spots across its surface. This devil fruit grants the user the ability to repel anything they touch with their paw-padded palms, including intangible concepts such as pain and fatigue, by using the paw pads on their palms.",
}

FeatsList["nikyu nikyu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Nikyu Nikyu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Paw Paw Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 119],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Nikyu Nikyu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Nikyu Nikyu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Nikyu Nikyu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Paw Push: If I take the Attack action to shove a target and push it back, I can choose to push it back 30 feet using my paw-padded palms. If a pushed target strikes a solid surface, the target takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage for every 10 feet it was pushed. If the target is thrown at another creature, that creature must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or take the same damage and be knocked prone. Additionally, I may expend additional devil fruit charges to increase the distance the creature is pushed as a part of this attack. If I do so, I push the creature back an additional 10 feet per devil fruit charge expended, up to 100 feet in total.\n   Paw Cannon: I have the ability to repel the air around me, allowing me to fire paw-shaped air shockwaves. As an action, I can make a ranged spell attack against a target within 120 feet. On a hit, the creature takes 4d6 thunder damage and must succeed on a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be knocked prone. You can spend 1 or more devil fruit charges to increase the damage of this attack, dealing an extra 1d6 damage per charge expended, up to 12d6 total thunder damage.\n   Defensive Repel: When targeted and hit by an attack, I can use my reaction and spend 7 devil fruit charges to attempt to repel the attack, causing the damage to become 0. The attacker must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the attacker takes half of the damage they would have dealt to me, as the attack is redirected back to them.\n   Ursus Shock: As an action, I may spend 1 or more devil fruitcharges to concentrate a large volume of air into your palms,allowing you to unleash it out as a devastating shockwavecentered on a point within 120 feet that I can see. If I do so, I target each creature in a 10-foot radius sphere centered on that point must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. A creature takes 3d10 thunder damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. A creature made of inorganic material such as stone, crystal, or metal has disadvantage on this saving throw. A non-magical object that isn't being worn or carried also takes the damage if it's in the shockwave's area. The shockwave's damage increases by 1d10 and it's radius increases by 5 feet for each additional devil fruit charge expended over 1, dealing up to 11d10 thunder damage and having up to a 50-foot radius in total.\n   Pain Repel: As an action, I may expend 1 or more devil fruit charges to touch a creature and repel the pain from its body. If I do so, the target creature regains 1d10 HP for every devil fruit charge spent. This ability has no effect on undead or constructs. Additionally, the repelled pain congeals and forms into a 10-foot radius bubble in an empty space next to the target, and stores a number of pain equal to the amount healed from the target. The bubble lasts for up to 1 hour or until it pops. As an action, I may push the bubble up to 30 feet away from me by touching it. If I push the bubble into a creature, that creature must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC, and the bubble pops. The creature takes the amount of stored pain in necrotic damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.\n   Extended Travel Repel: As an action, I can touch a creature and spend 7 devil fruit charges to attempt to teleport it to a location by repelling it at extreme speeds. The creature must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. A willing creature automatically fails this save. On a failure, the creature is teleported to a place I'm aware of, landing in a random empty space in the region of the DM's choice. If no target destination is given, the target is teleported to a random location of the DM's choosing in the direction it is pushed, at least 1 mile away. On a successful save, the creature is instead repelled 30 feet away from me, as per my \"Paw Push\" ability.\n   Spells (Repelling Techniques): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: misty step (2 charges), air bubble (2 charges), thunder step (3 charges), wind wall (3 charges), gravity sinkhole (4 charges), destructive wave (5 charges), far step (5 charges), scatter (6 charges), or teleport (7 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Extended Group Vacation): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to target up to 5 creatures within 30 feet of me, threatening to repel them at extreme speeds away from me. A target creature must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure, the creature is subjected to my \"Extended Travel Repel\" feature. On a success, the creature is instead repelled up to 30 feet away from me, as per my \"Paw Push\" ability. After using this feature, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["misty step", "air bubble"],
		selection : ["misty step", "air bubble"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["thunder step", "wind wall"],
		selection : ["thunder step", "wind wall"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["gravity sinkhole"],
		selection : ["gravity sinkhole"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["destructive wave", "far step"],
		selection : ["destructive wave", "far step"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["scatter"],
		selection : ["scatter"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["teleport"],
		selection : ["teleport"],
		firstCol : 6
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["kira kira no mi"] = {

	name : "Kira Kira no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Diamond Diamond Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 120],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A shimmering blue berry with multifaceted crystalline surfaces. This devil fruit grants its user with the ability to transform or harden any part of their body into diamond.",
}

FeatsList["kira kira no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kira Kira no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Diamond Diamond Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 120],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kira Kira no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kira Kira no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kira Kira no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Shparpened Diamond Body: As a bonus action, I can transform any part of my body into a melee weapon of my choice. This can range from turning an arm into a diamond longsword, fingers into dagger-like diamond blades, or even combining my arms or legs into a diamond greatclub. Weapons I create have the same properties as their normal counterparts but are considered magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance. I can use this part of my body as a weapon attack, and I'm proficient with it. I can only use one weapon active this way at a time, and can dismiss it using a bonus action.\n   Diamond Skin: My AC can’t be less than 20, regardless of what kind of armor I'm wearing. By spending 1 devil fruit charge as a bonus action, I can gain a +2 bonus to my AC for up to 1 minute or until I fall unconscious (this effect doesn't stack).\n   Brilliant Punk: I can spend a bonus action to bolster the next melee weapon attack I make during my turn with my diamond body. On a hit, the attack deals an extra 2d6 damage of the weapon's damage type. Additionally, if the target is a creature, it must succeed on a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be pushed 10 feet away from me and knocked prone.\n   Spells (Diamond Techniques): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: thunder step (3 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), stoneskin (Self; 4 charges), destructive wave (5 charges), or tenser's transformation (6 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Brilliant Wave): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to unleash a mighty earth shockwave affecting any creature standing on the ground within 60 feet of me. Any creature hit by the shockwave must make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, a creature takes 10d10 bludgeoning damage and 10d10 thunder damage, and is knocked prone. A creature that succeeds on its saving throw takes half as much damage and isn't knocked prone. Additionally, immediately after I use this ability, the ground within 60 feet of me becomes extremely hard and diamond-like for 1 minute, and cannot be destroyed or affected by any spells or other effects for the duation. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["thunder step"],
		selection : ["thunder step"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["stoneskin"],
		selection : ["stoneskin"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["desructive wave"],
		selection : ["desructive wave"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["tenser's transformation"],
		selection : ["tenser's transformation"],
		firstCol : 6
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"stoneskin" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["goru goru no mi"] = {

	name : "Goru Goru no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Gold Gold Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 121],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "An extremely shiny golden pear, with cloud-like spiral patterns across its surface. This devil fruit grants its user with the ability to manipulate and move around massive amounts of gold telekinetically.",
}

FeatsList["goru goru no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Goru Goru no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Gold Gold Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 121],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Goru Goru no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Goru Goru no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Goru Goru no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Chrysokinesis: I can use the telekinesis and levitate spells at will, without expending a spell slot, charge, or material components. I can only target objects made of gold and creatures wearing or holding gold items using these spells this way.\n   Gold Manipulation: As an action, I can target any gold within 60 feet of me to form up to thirteen 5-foot diameter spheres worth of affected gold, allowing me to telekinetically control the gold (as if using the telekinesis spell). I cannot have more than thirteen of these gold spheres under my control at once. I require 100,000 gold pieces or 400 gold bars (or ฿1,000,000,000 worth of gold) to form each individual 5-foot diameter sphere this way. Once I use this action, I cannot use it again for another 24 hours. Any gold being telekinetically controlled by this ability is considered liquid (but doesn't count against a Devil Fruit user's \"Sea Weakness\") unless otherwise stated, and counts as difficult terrain when moved through in its liquid state. Creatures will suffocate inside liquid gold if they remain inside it. Any gold forcibly moved 60 feet away from me while being telekinetically controlled returns to an empty space I can see within 60 feet of me at the start of my next turn. Additionally, while the spheres are under my telekinetic control, I can spend an action to use one of the following effects on the gold during my turn:\n     Combine/Seperate: I can combine the volumes of the gold spheres to form a larger mass of liquefied gold with a total volume no greater than the total volumes of my currently controlled gold, or split the mass back apart into independent 5-foot diameter spheres.\n     Slam: I can slam a single 5-foot diameter sphere of gold into a creature I can see within 30 feet of me. The target must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC, or take 3d10 bludgeoning damage.\n     Armory: I can use a single 5-foot diameter sphere of gold to form any weapon or armor of my choice. You are proficient with any gold weapon or armor I use, and ignore strength requirements to use it. Weapons I create have the same properties as their normal counterparts but are considered magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance. The gold cannot be controlled or used while it is used as a weapon or piece of armor, unless I reform it back into a sphere a bonus action.\n     Bind: I can use a single 5-foot diameter sphere of gold totarget a creature within 30 feet of me. The creature must succeed on a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC, or become restrained by the gold for 1 minute or until it breaks free (escape DC equal to my Devil Fruit save DC). The gold cannot be controlled or used while it restrains a creature, unless I free the creature from it as a bonus action.\n     Animate: I use one sphere of gold to construct a solid Gold Golem (as Iron Golem). It is under my control, and it understands and obeys my spoken commands. When it falls to 0 HP or otherwise gets destroyed, so does the gold sphere used to construct it. I can only have one Gold Golem activate at a time, and once I create one I can't create another one for 24 hours.\n     Collect: I condense the gold into tiny rings I collect, one ring per 5-foot diameter sphere of gold. I gain 1 devil fruit charge per ring collected, not exceeding 13 total charges, but can no longer affect the collected gold telepathically using my \"Gold Manipulation\" feature until I re-activate the feature.\n   Spells (Golden Techniques): This devil fruit power has 13 maximum charges, but I start with none. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Golden Burst (as thunderous smite; 1 charge), Golden Arms (as arms of hadar; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Gold Wave (as tidal wave, made of liquid gold; 3 charges), Golden Tentacles (as evard's black tentacles; 4 charges), Golden Hand (as bigby's hand; 5 charges), Golden Wall (as wall of stone; 5 charges), Flesh to Gold (as flesh to stone; 6 charges), and Golden Inferno (as firestorm; 7 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges when I use my \"Collect\" ability. All material created using these spells return back to the original gold value used to create the devil fruit charges to fuel it after the spell's duration ends.\n   Awakening (Gold Splash): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to temporarily alchemically manifest gold from the environment, which I can control telepathically. When I do so, I can use this gold to cast tsunami, with a 1 action casting time. After the tsunami ends, the gold returns back to mundane, non-magical materials. Once used, I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["telekinesis", "levitate"],
		selection : ["telekinesis", "levitate"],
		times : 2,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["thunderous smite", "arms of hadar"],
		selection : ["thunderous smite", "arms of hadar"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["tidal wave"],
		selection : ["tidal wave"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		selection : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["bigby's hand", "wall of stone"],
		selection : ["bigby's hand", "wall of stone"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["flesh to stone"],
		selection : ["flesh to stone"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["firestorm"],
		selection : ["firestorm"],
		firstCol : 7
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["mochi mochi no mi"] = {

	name : "Mochi Mochi no Mi",

	source : ["DFE", 122],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A creamy white fruit with a swirl pattern across its surface. It appears to have a pinched off, flattened foot toward the bottom of it. This devil fruit allows the user to create, control, and transform into mochi.",
}

FeatsList["mochi mochi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mochi Mochi no Mi, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 122],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mochi Mochi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mochi Mochi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mochi Mochi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Mochi Body: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my mochi body. Additionally, I can move across difficult terrain created by mochi or sticky surfaces without spending extra movement.\n   Mochi Creation: As a mochi being, I'm able to produce and control mochi in various ways. Any mochi produced with this devil fruit is thick and viscous enough to not be considered water to devil fruit users, but creatures fully submerged in mochi will suffocate and drown normally as if they are underwater. I'm immune to suffocating in my own mochi. I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to cast create or destroy water as a 1st-level spell slot, without expending a spell slot or material components. Instead of producing or destroying water with this spell, I produce or destroy edible mochi that is much thicker than water in the same amount and volume. This mochi counts as food when consumed, but spoils after 24 hours. I may spend additional devil fruit charges to increase the level of this spell by 1 for every charge expended as a part of casting the spell. Additionally, I learn and can use the shape water cantrip on this mochi. Additionally, I can spend a bonus action to harden the mochi into a solid block of mochi which can expand up to a 10-by-10 ft. cube, but counts as the same amount of food. A creature in the mochi's space when it expands is pushed out safely to the nearest space.\n   Mochi Reach: I learn the mage hand cantrip. Additionally, when I make a melee weapon attack on my turn, I can make its reach extend up to 30 feet by stretching my mochi limbs.\n   Mochi Weapon: As a bonus action, I can transform any part of my body into a melee weapon of my choice. This can range from turning an arm into a longsword, fingers into dagger-like blades, or even combining my arms or legs into a greatclub. Weapons I create have the same properties as their normal counterparts but are considered magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance. I can use this part of my body as aweapon attack, and I'm proficient with it. I can only use one weapon active this way at a time, and can dismiss it using a bonus action. When I hit a creature with a melee weapon created this way while it is within 5 feet of me, it must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or become grappled by me as it sticks to the mochi surface.\n   Spells (Mochi Techniques): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: Buzz Cut Mochi (as zephyr strike; 1 charge), Willow Mochi (as arms of hadar; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Burning Mochi (as scorching ray; 2 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), Mochi Grasp (as maximillian's earthen grasp; 2 charges), Wall of Mochi (as wall of water, but made of mochi; 3 charges), Mochi Tentacles (as evard's black tentacles; 4 charges), Mochi Hand (bigby's hand; 5 charges), or Mochi Shield (as fizban's platinum shield; Self; 6 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Unstoppable Donuts): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to temporarily manifest large amounts of concentrated mochi from the environment, which I can control telepathically to create two floating fists which emerge from mochi donuts. When I do so, the two large hands appear within 120 feet of me at a point I can see, which act as bigby's hand (no concentration required), and last for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. I can use an action on my turn to create an additional hand this way, which appears within 120 feet of me, and lasts until the duration of this ability ends. As a bonus action, I can move and act with any number of mochi hands I control at once, as per the spell description of bigby's hand for each. Once used, I can't use this awakening again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["shape water", "mage hand"],
		selection : ["shape water", "mage hand"],
		times : 2,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["create or destroy water", "arms of hadar", "zephyr strike"],
		selection : ["create or destroy water", "arms of hadar", "zephyr strike"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["scorching ray", "maximillian's earthen grasp"],
		selection : ["scorching ray", "maximillian's earthen grasp"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["wall of water"],
		selection : ["wall of water"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		selection : ["evard's black tentacles"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["bigby's hand"],
		selection : ["bigby's hand"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["fizban's platinum shield"],
		selection : ["fizban's platinum shield"],
		firstCol : 7
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["bari bari no mi"] = {

	name : "Bari Bari no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Barrier Barrier Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 123],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "An emerald green melon with a swirl pattern across its surface and a crescent-shaped stem. Its surface is extremely hard, and very difficult to bite through. This devil fruit allows the user to create and manipulate magical barriers made of force.",
}

FeatsList["bari bari no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Bari Bari no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Barrier Barrier Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 123],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Bari Bari no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Bari Bari no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Bari Bari no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Barrier Creation: As an action, I can cast wall of force at will without expending a spell slot, charges, or material components. However, when I cast it using this feature, I can only produce one 10-by-10 foot panel or a 5-foot diameter sphere centered on me with it.\n   Barrier Crash: While concentrating on a wall of force barrier I have created using this devil fruit power, I can spend an action to push it up to 30 feet in any direction, or until it collides with an unmovable object or terrain. Anything in the path of the moving barrier must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC, as the barrier slams against it. On a failure, the target is knocked prone, takes 2d8 force damage, and is pushed by the barrier up to the total distance I move it. On a success, it is only pushed by the barrier. If a creature is squished between my barrier and another object and fails the saving throw, it instead takes 4d8 force damage and is restrained until it breaks free (escape DC equal to my Devil Fruit save DC). On a success or if the creature breaks free, it is pushed out to the nearest empty space that my barrier isn't pushing against.\n   Barrierbility: As an action, I can manipulate any active wall of force I have created to rearrange its panels into a shape of my choice, so long as each panel is still connected to another panel. For example, I can reform it into a staircase with each stepbeing an individual panel of the wall. Any creature or object in the path of the shifting wall is not pushed or damaged by it.\n   Barrier Fist: Once per turn when I hit a creature with a melee weapon attack, I can expend 1 devil fruit charge to deal an 2d8 force damage to the target, and it must succeed on a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or I can knock it prone. I can expend additional devil fruit charges to deal another 1d8 force damage per additional charge expended, up to atotal of 10d8 force damage.\n   Spells (Barrier Techniques): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: otiluke's resilient sphere (4 charges), wall of force (5 charges), Barrier Hand (as bigby's hand; 5 charges), or forcecage (7 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Gigabarrier): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to temporarily manifest large amounts of energy from the environment, which I can then form and reshape into a massive barrier. When I do so, I cast a special wall of force, without expending a spell slot or material components. This special wall of force can have up to a hundred panels, and its radius is up to 100 feet instead. Once used, I can't use this awakening again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["wall of force"],
		selection : ["wall of force"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["otiluke's resilient sphere"],
		selection : ["otiluke's resilient sphere"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wall of force", "bigby's hand"],
		selection : ["wall of force", "bigby's hand"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["forcecage"],
		selection : ["forcecage"],
		firstCol : 4
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["jiki jiki no mi"] = {

	name : "Jiki Jiki no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Magnet Magnet Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 124],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A stainless steel fruit with tons of bolt-shaped barbs and cloud-like swirls across its surface. It has a yellow coil wrapping around it up to the stem, which appears like a bolt of lightning. This devil fruit allows the user to control the magnetism and control metallic objects using magnetic forces.",
}

FeatsList["jiki jiki no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Jiki Jiki no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Magnet Magnet Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 124],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Jiki Jiki no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Jiki Jiki no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Jiki Jiki no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Magnetokinesis: I can use the telekinesis and levitate spells at will, without expending a spell slot, charge, or material components. I can only target objects made of metal and creatures wearing or holding metal or metallic items using these spells this way.\n   Magnetic Repel: When targeted and hit by an attack from a weapon or ammo which is made of metal, I can use my reaction and spend 7 devil fruit charges to attempt to repel the attack, causing the damage to become 0. The attacker must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the attacker takes half of the damage they would have dealt to me, as the attack is redirected back to them.\n   Magnetic Assembly: As an action, I can attract a large amount of metal within 120 feet of me toward my body to assemble onto my body. I must spend 1 devil fruit charge for every 5-foot square of metal I attract and assemble onto my body. For each square of metal I assemble onto me, I gain 10 temporary HP (which only stacks with each additional shadow absorbed) up to a maximum of 30, my weapon attacks deal an extra 1d4 damage (up to a maximum bonus of 3d4), my reach with melee weapons extends by 5 feet (up to a 15 foot total bonus), and my size increases by one (up to Gargantuan). While this form is active, I have advantage on strength checks and saving throws. When I lose all temporary HP granted by this ability, the metal I assembled is destroyed, and this ability ends.\n   Electromagnetic Cannon: As an action, I can spend 3 devil fruit charges to create a large electromagnetic cannon from metal around me. When I do so, I can fire a beam of electromagnetic energy forming a line of 100 feet long and 5 feet wide out from me in a direction you choose. Each creature in theline must make a Strength saving throw against your Devil Fruitsave DC. A creature takes 6d6 bludgeoning damage on a failed save and is pushed back 20 feet away from me, or half as much damage on a successful one and isn't pushed. I can spend additional devil fruit charges to increase the bludgeoning damage by 1d6 and the push distance by 10 feet for each additional charge spent, up to a total of 12d6 bludgeoning damage and 80 feet.\n   Spells (Magnetic Techniques): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: catapult (targeting metal; 1 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), cloud of daggers (2 charges, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), fly (Self; 3 charges), conjure barrage (3 charges), conjure volley (5 charges), Scrap Metal Hand (as bigby's hand; 5 charges), blade barrier (6 charges), or reverse gravity (only affecting metallic objects and creatures wearing metal; 7 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Magnetic Assignment): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to mark two targets, which can be objects or creatures I can see within 120 feet of me, which causes them to become magnetically attracted to each other, even if they aren't made of metal or wearing metal. This magnetic attraction lasts for 1 minute, or until I fall unconscious. While these two targets are magnetically attracted to each other this way, each target at the start of each of its turns must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save. On a failure, it is magnetically pulled up to 120 feet toward the other target, taking 1d6 bludgeoning damage per 10 feet traveled, unless the target is already within 5 feet of it. A target that is slammed into by an object or creature this way must make a Dexterity saving throw, taking the same damage on a failure or half as much on a success. Alternatively, I may force a target that fails its Strength saving throw on its turn to be pushed away from the other target, up to a 120 foot gap between the two targets. If it is pushed away this way and crashes into an object, it takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage per 10 feet traveled from the crash. Additionally, I may spend an action on subsequent turns for the duration to cause metalic objects in the area to crash into a target I have marked this way, forcing the target to make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failure, the target takes 8d6 bludgeoning damage and is knocked prone. On a success, the target takes half as much damage and isn't knocked prone. If both marked targets are within 5 feet of each other, both must make this saving throw. Once used, I can't use this awakening again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["telekinesis", "levitate"],
		selection : ["telekinesis", "levitate"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["catapult"],
		selection : ["catapult"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["cloud of daggers"],
		selection : ["cloud of daggers"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fly", "conjure barrage"],
		selection : ["fly", "conjure barrage"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["conjure volley", "bigby's hand"],
		selection : ["conjure volley", "bigby's hand"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["blade barrier"],
		selection : ["blade barrier"],
		firstCol : 7
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["reverse gravity"],
		selection : ["reverse gravity"],
		firstCol : 8
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"fly" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["doku doku no mi"] = {

	name : "Doku Doku no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Poison Poison Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 125],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A reddish-purple pineapple with black skull and crossbones. This devil fruit allows the user to produce deadly poisons and toxins from their body that can be controlled.",
}

FeatsList["doku doku no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Doku Doku no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Poison Poison Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 125],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Doku Doku no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Doku Doku no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Doku Doku no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Poison Resistance: I'm immune to poison damage and the poisoned condition.\n   Toxic Spray: I learn the poison spray and acid splash cantrips. Any time I deal poison damage to a creature using this devil fruit's spells and cantrips, if the effect doesn't already inflict the poisoned condition, the creature is poisoned until the start of my next turn.\n   Posionous Vapor Aura: Any creature of my choice that starts its turn within 10 feet of me must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be poisoned until the start of the creature's next turn. I can activate or deactivate this aura as a bonus action.\n   Poison Hydra Heads: As an action, I can expend 3 devil fruit charges to create three giant poisonous hydra heads which connect to my body. These heads last for 1 minute and require concentration (as if concentrating on a spell) to maintain. I can use a bonus action to send one of the hydra heads crashing toward one creature or object I can see within 60 feet of me. When I do so, make a ranged spell attack. On a hit, the target takes 4d12 poison damage. Whether I hit or miss, the head is expended. This ability ends early if all heads are expended. Alternatively, I can expend a head of this hydra as a bonus action to fly up to 60 feet toward an empty space I can see without spending any movement, traveling along the hydras neck to the target destination. If I land in a space midair, I fall.\n   Spells (Posion Gas and Blast): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend materialcomponents: Poison Armor (as armor of agathys, but dealing poison damage instead; 1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), dragon's breath (self; poison damage; 2 charges), vitrolic sphere (4 charges), cloudkill (5 charges), contagion (5 charges), prismatic spray (choosing between green or orange rays only; 7 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Toxic Demon): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast poison giant: hell's judgement, without expending any charges or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["poison"]
	},

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["poison spray", "acid splash"],
		selection : ["poison spray", "acid splash"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["armor of agathys"],
		selection : ["armor of agathys"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["dragon's breath"],
		selection : ["dragon's breath"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["vitrolic sphere"],
		selection : ["vitrolic sphere"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["cloudkill", "contagion"],
		selection : ["cloudkill", "contagion"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["prismatic spray"],
		selection : ["prismatic spray"],
		firstCol : 6
	}],

	spellChanges : {
		"dragon's breath" : {
			range : "Self",
			changes : "Can only be cast on the user."
		}
	}
}

MagicItemsList["zou zou no mi, model: mammoth"] = {

	name : "Zou Zou no Mi, Model: Mammoth",

	nameAlt : "Elephant Elephant Fruit, Model: Mammoth",

	source : ["DFE", 126],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a massive brown apple with black furry stripes, and two white tusk-like stems. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a mammoth.",
}

FeatsList["zou zou no mi, model: mammoth, consumed"] = {

	name : "Zou Zou no Mi, Model: Mammoth, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Elephant Elephant Fruit, Model: Mammoth, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 126],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Zou Zou no Mi, Model: Mammoth",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Zou Zou no Mi, Model: Mammoth, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Zou Zou no Mi, Model: Mammoth, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Mammoth. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: brachiosaurus"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Brachiosaurus",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Brachiosaurus",

	source : ["DFE", 126],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a massive yellow-orange pear with a hard scale-like surface and swirls. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a brachiosaurus.",
}

FeatsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: brachiosaurus, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Brachiosaurus, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Brachiosaurus, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 126],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Brachiosaurus",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Brachiosaurus, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Brachiosaurus, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Brontosaurus (reflavored as a brachiosaurus). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: allosaurus"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Allosaurus",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Allosaurus",

	source : ["DFE", 127],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a massive green apricot with a rough scale-like texture and a hard white stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a allosaurus.",
}

FeatsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: allosaurus, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Allosaurus, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Allosaurus, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 127],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Allosaurus",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Allosaurus, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Allosaurus, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Large Allosaurus. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["large allosaurus"] = {

	name : "Large Allosaurus",

	source : ["DFE", 127],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 94,

	hd : [9, 12],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [20, 15, 18, 2, 14, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 4
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 14,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "4",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [7, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [7, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The allosaurus has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the allosaurus' allies is within 5 feet of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: pteranodon"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Pteranodon",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Pteranodon",

	source : ["DFE", 128],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as an egg-shaped melon with brown-orange gradient across its surface and black stripes. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a pteranodon.",
}

FeatsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: pteranodon, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Pteranodon, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Pteranodon, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 128],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Pteranodon",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Pteranodon, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Pteranodon, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Large Pteranodon. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["large pteranodon"] = {

	name : "Large Pteranodon",

	source : ["DFE", 128],

	size : 1,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Unaligned",

	ac : 13,

	hp : 90,

	hd : [12, 12],

	speed : "10 ft, fly 80 ft",

	scores : [19, 13, 13, 2, 10, 5],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 2
	},

	senses : "",

	passivePerception : 12,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "3",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [7, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Dive Attack",
			description : "If the pteranodon is flying and dives at least 30 feet toward a target and then hits with abite attack, the attack deals an extra 3d6 damage to the target."
		}, {
			name : "Flyby",
			description : "The pteranodon doesn't provoke anopportunity attack when it flies out of an enemy's reach."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: stegosaurus"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Stegosaurus",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Stegosaurus",

	source : ["DFE", 129],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a massive dark brown pineapple with a dark red crown and dark red-colored spikes, with swirling patterns on its surface. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a stegosaurus.",
}

FeatsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: stegosaurus, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Stegosaurus, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Stegosaurus, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 129],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Stegosaurus",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Stegosaurus, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Stegosaurus, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Stegosaurus. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: ankylosaurus"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Ankylosaurus",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Ankylosaurus",

	source : ["DFE", 129],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a rough orange mango with short rugged spikes across its surface and a hard bulbous stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a ankylosaurus.",
}

FeatsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: ankylosaurus, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Ankylosaurus, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Ankylosaurus, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 129],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Ankylosaurus",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Ankylosaurus, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Ankylosaurus, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Ankylosaurus. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: triceratops"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Triceratops",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Triceratops",

	source : ["DFE", 130],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a rough orange mango with short rugged spikes across its surface and a hard bulbous stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a triceratops.",
}

FeatsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: triceratops, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Triceratops, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Triceratops, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 130],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Triceratops",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Triceratops, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Triceratops, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Triceratops. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: tyrannosaurus rex"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Tyrannosaurus Rex",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Tyrannosaurus Rex",

	source : ["DFE", 130],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a rough orange mango with short rugged spikes across its surface and a hard bulbous stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a tyrannosaurus rex.",
}

FeatsList["kyoryu kyoryu no mi, model: tyrannosaurus rex, consumed"] = {

	name : "Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Tyrannosaurus Rex, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dinosaur Dinosaur Fruit, Model: Tyrannosaurus Rex, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 130],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Tyrannosaurus Rex",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Tyrannosaurus Rex, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Kyoryu Kyoryu no Mi, Model: Tyrannosaurus Rex, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Tyrannosaurus Rex. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["moku moku no mi"] = {

	name : "Moku Moku no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Smoke Smoke Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 131],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A puffy and extremely light white melon with cloud-like swirls and a swirly green stem. This devil fruit allows its user to create, control, and transform into smoke at will.",
}

FeatsList["moku moku no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Moku Moku no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Smoke Smoke Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 131],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Moku Moku no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Moku Moku no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Moku Moku no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Logia Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my smoke body. Additionally, I can see normally through smoke, cloud, and fog-like effects that cause an area to become lightly or heavily obscured.\n   Elemental Form: I can use the \"Logia Elemental Form\" feature listed under \"Designing a Logia Devil Fruit Sheet\".\n   Smoke Strike: I learn the mage hand cantrip. Additionally, when I make a melee weapon attack on my turn, I can make its reach extend up to 30 feet by stretching my smoke limbs.\n   Smoke Screen: I can use the fog cloud spell at will, casting at the 1st level, without expending a spell slot, charge, or material components. I can cast it at higher levels by spending a devil fruit charge for each level I cast it higher.\n   Smoke Prison: As an action during my turn, I can target any number of creaturs within any of my smoke or fog spell areas. Each creature must succeed on a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or become restrained for the duration of the smoke or fog (Escape DC equal to my Devil Fruit save DC).\n   Spells (Smoke Plumes): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. Using my ability to produce smoke, I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: misty step (2 charges), gaseous form (3 charges), stinking cloud (3 charges), cloudkill (5 charges), investiture of wind (6 charges), wind walk (6 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Explosive Plume): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast incendiary cloud without expending any charges or material components. I can't use this feature again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["mage hand", "fog cloud"],
		selection : ["mage hand", "fog cloud"],
		times : 2,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["absorb elements"],
		selection : ["absorb elements"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["misty step"],
		selection : ["misty step"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["gaseous form", "stinking cloud"],
		selection : ["gaseous form", "stinking cloud"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["cloudkill"],
		selection : ["cloudkill"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["investiture of wind", "wind walk"],
		selection : ["investiture of wind", "wind walk"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 6
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["yuki yuki no mi"] = {

	name : "Yuki Yuki no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Snow Snow Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 132],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A white and light blue starfruit with snowflake patterns. This devil fruit allows its user to create, control, and transform into snow at will.",
}

FeatsList["yuki yuki no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Yuki Yuki no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Snow Snow Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 132],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Yuki Yuki no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Yuki Yuki no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Yuki Yuki no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Logia Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my snow body. Additionally, I'm immune to cold damage and I can move across difficult terrain created by ice or snow without spending extra movement.\n   Elemental Form: I can use the \"Logia Elemental Form\" feature listed under \"Designing a Logia Devil Fruit Sheet\".\n   Crippling Frost: I learn the frostbite cantrip. Any time a creature takes cold damage from my Devil Fruit spells or cantrips, its speed is reduced by 10 until the start of my next turn.\n   Snow Demon: As an action, I can spend 3 devil fruit charges to enter a snow demon form for 1 minute. When I do so, my size grows to Large, I gain 30 temporary HP, and I grow an icy fanged maw, which is a natural weapon I can use to make unarmed strikes for the duration. If I hit with it, I deal piercing damage equal to 2d6, plus an additional 1d6 cold damage, instead of the bludgeoning damage normal for an unarmed strike. Additionally, when I hit a creature with my bite attack in this form, it must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or become stunned until the start of my next turn.\n   Spells (Snow Techniques): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. I can use an action, bonus action, or reaction and expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: armor of agathys (1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), snilloc's snowball swarm (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), elemental weapon (cold; 3 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), ice storm (4 charges), cone of cold (5 charges), investiture of ice (6 charges), wall of ice (6 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Ten-Layer Igloo): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast prismatic wall, with each layer being Blue, without expending any charges or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["frostbite"],
		selection : ["frostbite"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["armor of agathys"],
		selection : ["armor of agathys"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["snilloc's snowball swarm"],
		selection : ["snilloc's snowball swarm"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["elemental weapon"],
		selection : ["elemental weapon"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["ice storm"],
		selection : ["ice storm"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["cone of cold"],
		selection : ["cone of cold"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["investiture of ice", "wall of ice"],
		selection : ["investiture of ice", "wall of ice"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 6
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["numa numa no mi"] = {

	name : "Numa Numa no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Swamp Swamp Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 132],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A light brown pear with drooping s-shaped swirl patterns, which smells of sulfur. This devil fruit allows its user to create, control, and transform into mud and other liquid \"swamp\" elements at will.",
}

FeatsList["numa numa no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Numa Numa no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Swamp Swamp Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 132],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Numa Numa no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Numa Numa no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Numa Numa no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Logia Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my swamp body. Additionally, I can move across difficult terrain created by mud or swamps without spending extra movement, and I do not suffocate inside of my swamp waters.\n   Elemental Form: I can use the \"Logia Elemental Form\" feature listed under \"Designing a Logia Devil Fruit Sheet\".\n   Swampy Storage: I learn the mold earth Cantrip. Additionally, I can store additional equipment inside my swamp body, multiplying my carrying capacity by 10.\n   Swamp Trap: As an action, I can transform a 5-foot diameter section of dirt or rock I can see within 30 feet of me into a swampy sinkhole, which is 20 feet deep. This sinking ground remains this way for 10 minutes or until I return it back to normal as a bonus action. This area is considered difficult terrain when walked across, and a creature which moves into it or starts its turn standing in the area must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure, the creature is restrained and sinks 5 feet deeper into the hole at the start of each of its turn. A creature can repeat the Strength saving throw at the start of each of its turns to escape, after which it then must use at least 20 feet of movement to crawl out of the swampy hole. A creature which is fully submerged in the swampy hole begins to suffocate and is blinded and deafened for the duration, but it doesn't trigger a Devil Fruit user's \"Sea Weakness\".\n   Spells (Swamp Techniques): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. I can use an action, bonus action, or reaction and expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: earth tremor (1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), entangle (1 charge), maximillian's earthen grasp (2 charges), wall of water (made of muddy swamp material; 3 charges), stone shape (4 charges), transmute rock (5 charges), move earth (6 charges), investiture of stone (6 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Calamity Swamp): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cause all ground within 120 feet of me to become affected by my \"Swamp Trap\" feature for 10 minutes. Additionally, my allies can move through the terrain normally without sinking or needing to spend extra movement. I can’t use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["mold earth"],
		selection : ["mold earth"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["maximillian's earthen grasp"],
		selection : ["maximillian's earthen grasp"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["wall of water"],
		selection : ["wall of water"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["stone shape"],
		selection : ["stone shape"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["transmute rock"],
		selection : ["transmute rock"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["investiture of stone", "move earth"],
		selection : ["investiture of stone", "move earth"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 6
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["gasu gasu no mi"] = {

	name : "Gasu Gasu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Gas Gas Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 133],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A small neon light purple melon with cloud-like swirl patterns. This devil fruit allows its user to create, control, and transform into various gases at will.",
}

FeatsList["gasu gasu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Gasu Gasu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Gas Gas Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 133],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Gasu Gasu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Gasu Gasu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Gasu Gasu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Logia Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my gas body. Additionally, I'm immune to poison damage and the poisoned condition, and I'm immune to suffocating, but not from drowning.\n   Elemental Form: I can use the \"Logia Elemental Form\" feature listed under \"Designing a Logia Devil Fruit Sheet\".\n   Gas Control: I learn the gust, thaumaturgy, and produce flame cantrips, no material components required. Additionally, I can use a bonus action to create or remove oxygen up to 30 feet around me for up to 10 minutes.\n   Spells (Deadly Gases): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. I can use an action, bonus action, or reaction and expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: chromatic orb (1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), sleep (1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), flame blade (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), gust of wind (2 charges), warding wind (2 charges), gaseous form (3 charges), stinking cloud (3 charges), wind wall (3 charges), fireball (3 charges), cloudkill (5 charges), investiture of wind (6 charges), prismatic spray (7 charges). The devil fruit regainsexpended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Terror Gas): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast weird, without expending any charges or material components. I can't use this action for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["gust", "thaumaturgy", "produce flame"],
		selection : ["gust", "thaumaturgy", "produce flame"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["chromatic orb", "sleep"],
		selection : ["chromatic orb", "sleep"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["flame blade", "gust of wind", "warding wind"],
		selection : ["flame blade", "gust of wind", "warding wind"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["gaseous form", "stinking cloud", "fireball"],
		selection : ["gaseous form", "stinking cloud", "fireball"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["stone shape"],
		selection : ["stone shape"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["cloudkill"],
		selection : ["cloudkill"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["investiture of wind"],
		selection : ["investiture of wind"],
		firstCol : 7
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["prismatic spray"],
		selection : ["prismatic spray"],
		firstCol : 8
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["suna suna no mi"] = {

	name : "Suna Suna no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Sand Sand Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 133],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A tan cactus shaped like a ball with swirling patterns. This devil fruit allows its user to create, control, and transform into sand at will.",
}

FeatsList["suna suna no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Suna Suna no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Sand Sand Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 133],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Suna Suna no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Suna Suna no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Suna Suna no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Logia Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my sand body. Additionally, I can move across difficult terrain created by deserts without spending extra movement.\n   Elemental Form: I can use the \"Logia Elemental Form\" feature listed under \"Designing a Logia Devil Fruit Sheet\".\n   Dry Sands: I  learn the mold earth and toll the dead cantrips. Additionally, any creature that fails its save against one of my Devil Fruit spells or abilities which deal necrotic damage becomes dehydrated until the start of my next turn. A dehydrated creature gains two temporary levels of exhaustion until the start of my next turn.\n   Desert Sword: As an action, I can spend 3 devil fruit charges to create a large piercing sand blade. When I do so, I can fire a beam of sand, forming a line of 100 feet long and 5 feet wide out from me in a direction I choose. Each creature in the line must make a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. A creature takes 3d6 piercing damage and 3d6 necrotic damage on a failed save. and is dehydrated until the start of my next turn, or half as much damage on a successful one and isn't dehydrated. I can spend additional devil fruit charges to increase the piercing damage by 1d6 for each additional charge spent, up to a total of 9d6 piercing damage and 3d6 necrotic damage.\n   Spells (Desert Sands): This devil fruit power has 13 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: earth tremor (1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), dust devil (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), gaseous form (3 charges), wall of sand (3 charges), blight (4 charges), transmute rock (5 charges), investiture of wind (6 charges), circle of death (6 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.",

	usages : 13,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 13",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["mold earth", "toll the dead"],
		selection : ["mold earth", "toll the dead"],
		atwill : true,
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["dust devil"],
		selection : ["dust devil"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["gaseous form", "wall of sand"],
		selection : ["gaseous form", "wall of sand"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["blight"],
		selection : ["blight"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["transmute rock"],
		selection : ["transmute rock"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["investiture of wind", "circle of death"],
		selection : ["investiture of wind", "circle of death"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 7
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["ope ope no mi"] = {

	name : "Ope Ope no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Surgery Surgery Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 134],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A red heart-shaped melon with swirls which allows the user to create a zone of control around them that they can manipulate in a variety of ways.",
}

FeatsList["ope ope no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ope Ope no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Surgery Surgery Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 134],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ope Ope no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ope Ope no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ope Ope no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Counters Shock & Room: I learn the Shocking Grasp cantrip. Additionally, I can use a bonus action to create a 60-foot radius psychic sphere, or \"room\", centered on where I'm standing when I create it. I must maintain concentration on this room (as if concentrating on a spell). The room lasts for 1 minute, or until I end it using a bonus action. I can only have one room up at a time. Each turn, I can use an another bonus action to increase the radius of the \"room\" by another 60 feet. Any creature I can see within the room can be targeted by any leveled spell casted using this devil fruit under \"Room Spells\", regardless of spell range. Additionally, the range of spells or any spell effect listed in \"Room Spells\" can be extended to anywhere within the \"room\", but is also limited by the range of the room and cannot be cast outside it or affect anything outside the room's radius. \"Room Spells\" which normally require concentration don't require concentration while cast within the \"room's\" radius, but will end when the \"room's\" duration ends or when I lose concentration on the room. I can spend an action to scan the radius of my room to spot a creature I'm aware of that is behind full cover or hidden within the \"room's\" range. I can do this by rolling a Perception check against the creature's Stealth to locate it. A creature spotted this way cannot gain the benefits of full cover against my Devil Fruit Spells while within the \"room's\" range, and can be seen by me as if they were fully visible, becoming outlined by faerie fire.\n   Surgery Scalpel: As an action, I can designate a melee weapon I'm proficient with that deals slashing or piercing damage as my Surgery Scalpel when using my Ope Ope no Mi powers. The weapon becomes magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance if it isn't already. Additionally, when I hit a creature within my \"room\" with my Surgery Scalpel. Once per turn, I can forego dealing damage and instead use one of the following effects against the target:\n     Injection Shot: I can spend 1 devil fruit charge to deal an extra 2d8 necrotic damage to the target with my Surgery Scalpel.\n     Gamma Knife: I can spend 3 devil fruit charges to deal an extra 3d8 radiant damage to the target with my Surgery Scalpel. Additionally, the creature must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or become poisoned for 1 minute. The target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turn, ending the condition on a success.\n     Amputate: I cleanly slice off one of the creature's limbs for 10 minutes, but dealing no harm to it in the process. Each time I remove a creature's limbs this way, it gains a level of exhaustion (up to a maximum of 5 levels of exhaustion) so long as the limbs aren't attached. A creature that has had its limbs removed this way can spend an action to re-attach all its limbs, ending all levels of exhaustion applied by the amputation on itself. I can spend 1 devil fruit charge when using this attack during my turn to apply \"Radio Knife\" to the amputation, dealing 1d8 electric damage to the target, and causing the creature to become unable to re-attach it's missing limb unless its succeeds on a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC as a part of its action to re-attach its limbs. If the creature fails the saving throw, its action is wasted and its limbs remain unattached.\n   Shambles: I can target two creatures or objects, including myself, within my \"room\" as an action. The two targets magically teleport to each other's spaces and swap places.\n   Immortaility Surgery: By spending 10 minutes operating on another creature, I grant it immortality. The target stops aging, it is immune to any effect that would age it, and it can't die from old age. However, I will die and be reduced to dust upon completing this surgery.\n   Room Spells: This devil fruit power has 17 charges. While within the \"room\", I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: catapult (1 charge, can be cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), detect poison and disease (1 charge), cure wounds (1 charge, can be cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), find traps (2 charges), hold person (2 charges, can be cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), levitate (2 charges), silence (2 charges), see invisibility (only within \"room\"; 2 charges), vortex warp (2 charges), gravity sinkhole (4 charges), hold monster (5 charges), mass cure wounds (5 charges), telekinesis (5 charges), move earth (6 charges), whirlwind (7 charges), or tether essence (7 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (K-ROOM and R-ROOM): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to activate K-ROOM or R-ROOM, or use an action to alternate between the two, ending any currently active \"rooms\". I can use either of these special \"rooms\" for 1 minute after activating my awakening (but cannot activate my regular \"room\" or both at the same time), or until I fall unconscious, and they do not require concentration to maintain:\n     K-ROOM: I apply my \"room\" to my designated \"Surgery Scalpel\" as a special coating for the duration. While this special \"room\" is active, my \"Surgery Scalpel\" weapon's reach becomes 60 feet. I can use a bonus action while my K-ROOM coating is active to extend my \"Surgery Scalpel's\" reach by an additional 60 feet. Additionally, when I hit a creature with K-ROOM coated \"Surgery Scalpel\", once per turn, I can forego dealing damage and instead use one of the following effects against the target:\n       Shock Surge: I send a deadly shock through the target, dealing 10d10 lightning damage to it.\n       Puncture Surge: The target is pushed away from me to the end of my weapon's reach and knockedprone. If a thrown target strikes a solid surface, the target takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage for every 10 feet it was pushed. If the target is pushed into another creature, that creature must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or take the same damage and be knocked prone.\n     R-ROOM: I apply my \"room\" to a target within 120 feet of me. The room is a 10-foot radius sphere which surrounds the target. Until the duration ends, the sphere moves with the target, centered on it. This room acts as an antimagic field spell.\n   I can’t use this feature again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["shocking grasp"],
		selection : ["shocking grasp"],
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["catapult", "detect poison and disease", "cure wounds"],
		selection : ["catapult", "detect poison and disease", "cure wounds"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["find traps", "hold person", "levitate", "silence", "see invisibility", "vortex warp"],
		selection : ["find traps", "hold person", "levitate", "silence", "see invisibility", "vortex warp"],
		times : 6,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["gravity sinkhole"],
		selection : ["gravity sinkhole"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["hold monster", "mass cure wounds", "telekinesis"],
		selection : ["hold monster", "mass cure wounds", "telekinesis"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["move earth"],
		selection : ["move earth"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["whirlwind", "tether essence"],
		selection : ["whirlwind", "tether essence"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 7
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["gura gura no mi"] = {

	name : "Gura Gura no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Quake Quake Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 135],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A massive light blue pear with S-shaped spiral patterns, which rumbles and shakes occasionally on its own. This fruit allows the user to produce catastrophic earthquakes and move the earth and sea with ease.",
}

FeatsList["gura gura no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Gura Gura no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Quake Quake Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 135],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Gura Gura no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Gura Gura no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Gura Gura no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Quake Immunity: I'm immune to thunder damage.\n   Mini Quakes: I learn the thunderclap and mold earth cantrips, no material components required. Additionally, I can cast earth tremor as an action, no charges required. I can cast it at higher levels by spending a devil fruit charge for each additional level the spell is cast at.\n   Quake Strike: Once per turn, when I hit with a melee weapon attack, I can expend 1 or more devil fruit charges to release a quake strike. If I do so, the target and all other creatures within 15 feet of me must also make a Constitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failure, a target takes 1d8 thunder damage, plus 1d8 for each charge expended, and is pushed 10 feet away from me. On a success, a target takes half as much thunder damage, and isn't pushed. In addition, unsecured objects that are completely within the area of effect are automatically pushed 10 feet away from me by the attack's effect, and the effect emits a thunderous boom audible out to 300 feet.\n   Spells (Deadly Quakes): This devil fruit power has 17 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: shatter (2 charges, can be cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), thunder step (3 charges), erupting earth (3 charges), move earth (6 charges), gravity fissure (6 charges), investiture of stone (6 charges), tsunami (8 charges), earthquake (8 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Island Shaking): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast island shaking, without expending any charges or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["thunderclap", "mold earth", "earth tremor"],
		selection : ["thunderclap", "mold earth", "earth tremor"],
		times : 3,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["shatter"],
		selection : ["shatter"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["thunder step", "erupting earth"],
		selection : ["thunder step", "erupting earth"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["move earth", "gravity fissure", "investiture of stone"],
		selection : ["move earth", "gravity fissure", "investiture of stone"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["tsunami", "earthquake"],
		selection : ["tsunami", "earthquake"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["uta uta no mi"] = {

	name : "Uta Uta no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Song Song Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 136],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A round, pink fruit with multiple colored stripes across it middle section resembling a musical staff, and a green stem shaped like an accented eighth note. This fruit allows the user to bring the consciousness of creature into a dream world of song by singing.",
}

FeatsList["uta uta no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Uta Uta no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Song Song Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 136],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Uta Uta no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Uta Uta no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Uta Uta no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Song World: As an action, I can sing to all humanoid creatures of my choice that can hear me within 120 feet to attempt to pull them into a special Song World. Each targeted creature must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or magically fall unconscious. A willing creature automatically fails this saving throw. While acreature is unconscious this way, it has its astral body projected into a closed-off section of the Astral Plane (following the rules of the astral projection spell), named the \"Song World\". The Song World closely resembles the real world, and I can manipulate and affect the world and objects or creatures within it using my Devil Fruit powers. I'm able to enter the Song World while I'm still conscious, projecting my astral body into the Song World at will. I can control my astral body and physical body at the same time. I can only use my Song World Spells against creature swithin my Song World using my astral body and my Song World Spells with a range of Self can only be used on my astral body, not my physical body. Additionally, if I fall unconscious while creatures are within my Song World, their astral bodies are returned to their physical bodies and their physical body regains consciousness.\n   Song Puppets: As an action, if a humanoid creature is unconscious due to my \"Song World\" feature, I'm able to make its physical body a Song Puppet while it remains unconscious. A Song Puppet is controlled by me as if using the dominate person spell, no concentration required.\n   Song Minions: I can use the animate objects, telekinesis, and mirage arcane spells at will, without expending a spell slot, charge, or material components. I can cast these spells this way from within the Song World using my astral body.\n   Song World Spells: This devil fruit power has 17 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: shield (1 charge), hold person (2 charges, can be cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), fly (3 charges), dispel magic (3 charges), mass healing word (3 charges), wrath of nature (5 charges), guards and wards (6 charges), project image (7 charges), antimagic field (8 charges), reality break (8 charges), or wish (9 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn. I can only use these spells against a creature's astral body within the song world.\n   Awakening (Tot Musica): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to summon Tot Musica, the Demon King of Songs, in an empty space within 120 feet of me, for 1 minute, until I fall unconscious or end it as a bonus action. Tot Musica has the stats of an elder tempest. While Tot Musica is alive, the Song World and material plane are temporarily fused for the duration. For the duration, all creatures which have their astral bodies trapped in the Song World have them returned to their physical bodies and regain consciousness, after which their astral bodies are returned back to the Song World as per my \"Song World\" ability. My astral body is also temporarily returned to my physical body for the duration of my awakening. I can use all of your Devil Fruit abilities and Song World Spells within the real world and material plane, casting them from my physical body while the worlds remain fused. Once used, I can't activate my awakening again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["animate objects", "telekinesis", "mirage arcane"],
		selection : ["animate objects", "telekinesis", "mirage arcane"],
		times : 3,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["shield"],
		selection : ["shield"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["hold person"],
		selection : ["hold person"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fly", "dispel magic", "mass healing word"],
		selection : ["fly", "dispel magic", "mass healing word"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wrath of nature"],
		selection : ["wrath of nature"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["guards and wards"],
		selection : ["guards and wards"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["project image"],
		selection : ["project image"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["antimagic field", "reality break"],
		selection : ["antimagic field", "reality break"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 7
	}, {
		name : "9 charges",
		spells : ["wish"],
		selection : ["wish"],
		firstCol : 8
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["soru soru no mi"] = {

	name : "Soru Soru no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Soul Soul Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 137],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A large, pink plum with spiral shapes along its surface, which allows the user to interact with and manipulate the souls of other living creatures.",
}

FeatsList["soru soru no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Soru Soru no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Soul Soul Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 137],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Soru Soru no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Soru Soru no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Soru Soru no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Soul Pocus: As an action, I can target a creature that can see and hear me within 60 feet and rip away a part of it's soul to attempt to rob it of it's lifespan. The creature must have a challenge rating of 1/8 or higher for this ability to work on it. The creature must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or the creature takes 3d6 necrotic damage and its HP maximum is reduced by an amount equal to the damage taken. A creature that is frightened of me has disadvantage on this saving throw. If a creature is immune to the frightened condition or necrotic damage, it is not affected by this ability. This reduction is permanent, unless a greater restoration, heal, or wish spell is used on the target. The target dies if this effect reduces its HP maximum to 0. Additionally, whenever a creature fails this saving throw and has its HP maximum reduced by this ability, I gain 1 devil fruit charge. Additionally, I can spend an action to sacrifice 10 HP and reduce my HP maxmimum by 10 to gain 1 devil fruit charge. This reduction lasts until I complete a long rest.\n   Soul Homies: As an action, I can spend 5 devil fruit charges to create a \"Homie\" by filling a target with collected soul power. I use the aniamte objects or awaken spell descriptions on applicable targets for this ability. Homies created this way follow my commands and last indefinitely. Alternatively, I can use this action and spend 9 devil fruit charges to create a special Homie made of stronger soul energy and raw elemental power. For a special homie, I use the conjure elemental spell description instead, and I can summon an elemental with a challenge rating of 9 or lower which follows my orders and lasts indefinitely.\n   Incarnations: I can expend 2 devil fruit charges to create an Incarnation within 30 feet of me. An Incarnation has the statistics of a Specter. An Incarnation cannot attack, but can use my \"Soul Pocus\" on willing creatures to collect soul energy, though it cannot reduce a creature's maximum HP below 1. If a creature only has 1 maximum HP, an Incarnation cannot use \"Soul Pocus\" on it. An Incarnation follows my orders and lasts until I dismiss it as a bonus action. It can collect up to 5 devil fruit charges from creatures this way, which it can then transfer to me as an action while it is within 5 feet of me.\n   Spells (Soul Techniques): This devil fruit power has 17 maximum charges, but I start with none. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: chromatic orb (1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), phantasmal force (2 charges; can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), elemental weapon (3 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), fear (3 charges), fireball (3 charges), lightning bolt (3 charges), blight (4 charges), dominate person (5 charges), flame strike (5 charges), wrath of nature (5 charges), chain lightning (6 charges), soul cage (6 charges), prismatic spray (7 charges), fire storm (7 charges), feeblemind (8 charges), or psychic scream (9 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges when I use my \"Soul Pocus\" ability.\n   Awakening (3000 Leagues of Misery): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to attempt to siphon the souls of all creatures within 60 feet of me. Each creature of my choice in the area is subjected to my \"Soul Pocus\" ability and must save against it. Additionally, as a part of this action, I also summon a Soul Monster in an empty space I can see within 60 feet of me, which lasts for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. This Soul monster has the statistics of a Boneclaw, but it loses its \"Reujuvenation\" feature and gains the \"Incorporeal Movement\" feature instead. The Soul Monster is an ally to me and my companions. In combat, it shares my initiative count, but it takes its turn immediately after mine. It obeys my verbal commands (no action required by me). If I don't issue any, it takes the Dodge action and uses its move to avoid danger. Once used, I can't activate my awakening again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["chromatic orb"],
		selection : ["chromatic orb"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["phantasmal force"],
		selection : ["phantasmal force"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["elemental weapon", "fear", "fireball", "lightning bolt"],
		selection : ["elemental weapon", "fear", "fireball", "lightning bolt"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["blight"],
		selection : ["blight"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["dominate person", "flame strike", "wrath of nature"],
		selection : ["dominate person", "flame strike", "wrath of nature"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["chain lightning", "soul cage"],
		selection : ["chain lightning", "soul cage"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["prismatic spray", "fire storm"],
		selection : ["prismatic spray", "fire storm"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 7
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["feeblemind"],
		selection : ["feeblemind"],
		firstCol : 8
	}, {
		name : "9 charges",
		spells : ["psychic scream"],
		selection : ["psychic scream"],
		firstCol : 9
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["zushi zushi no mi"] = {

	name : "Zushi Zushi no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Gravity Gravity Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 138],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "An unusually heavy dark gray melon with purple cracks and ripples along its surface, which allows the user to create and manipulate gravitational forces.",
}

FeatsList["zushi zushi no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Zushi Zushi no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Gravity Gravity Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 138],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Zushi Zushi no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Zushi Zushi no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Zushi Zushi no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Gravity Control: I learn the sapping sting cantrip, no material components required. Additionally, I can cast magnify gravity as an action, no charges required. I can cast it at higher levels by spending a devil fruit charge for each additional level the spell is cast at.\n   Gravity Wave: As an action, I can spend 3 devil fruit charges to emit a large wave of enhanced gravity. When I do so, I can fire a wave of gravitational energy forming aline of 100 feet long and 5 feet wide out from me in a direction I choose. Each creature in the line must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. A creature takes 6d6 force damage on a failed save and is knocked prone, or half as much damage on a successful one and isn't knocked prone. I can spend additional devil fruit charges to increase the force damage by 1d6, up to a total of 12d6 force damage.\n   Spells (Gravity Techniques): This devil fruit power has 17 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: immovable object (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), levitate (2 charges), pulse wave (3 charges), gravity sinkhole (4 charges), telekinesis (5 charges), gravity fissure (6 charges), reverse gravity (7 charges), dark star (8 charges), or meteor swarm (9 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Extreme Gravity Field): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a 60-foot radius gravity aura around me for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. When I activate this aura, I can designate any number of creatures I can see to be unaffected by it. An affected creature's speed is halved in the area, and when the creature enters the area for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there, it must make a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. On a failed save, the creature takes 10d8 force damage and is knocked prone. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't knocked prone. While in the aura, any object that isn't being worn or carried in the sphere requires a successful Strength check against my spell save DC to pick up or move. Ranged attacks made against me and any creature within this field are made at disadvantage. Once used, I can't activate my awakening again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["sapping string", "magnify"],
		selection : ["sapping string", "magnify"],
		times : 2,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["immovable object", "levitate"],
		selection : ["immovable object", "levitate"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["pulse wave"],
		selection : ["pulse wave"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["gravity sinkhole"],
		selection : ["gravity sinkhole"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["telekinesis"],
		selection : ["telekinesis"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["gravity fissure"],
		selection : ["gravity fissure"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["reverse gravity"],
		selection : ["reverse gravity"],
		firstCol : 7
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["dark star"],
		selection : ["dark star"],
		firstCol : 8
	}, {
		name : "9 charges",
		spells : ["meteor swarm"],
		selection : ["meteor swarm"],
		firstCol : 9
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["fuwa fuwa no mi"] = {

	name : "Fuwa Fuwa no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Float Float Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 138],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A long yellow pear with black spirals across its surface and a swirling brown stem. It seems to remain stationary, floating in the air even when dropped. This fruit allows the user to levitate themselves and non-living things into the air, which can be controlled telepathically.",
}

FeatsList["fuwa fuwa no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Fuwa Fuwa no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Float Float Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 138],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Fuwa Fuwa no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Fuwa Fuwa no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Fuwa Fuwa no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Permanent Levitation: As an action, I can touch any object that isn't being worn or held, or up to a 20-foot cube of terrain, and cause it to levitate up to 20 feet in the air (as if using the levitate spell) at will, no concentration required, and regardless of its weight. I can move one object I'm levitating up to 20 feet during my turn. I can cause multiple objects to permanently levitate this way, and can end this levitation effect on any number of them as a bonus action. If I fall unconscious, every object I'm levitating this way loses its levitating properties and begins to fall if it is midair, unless I command them to levitate again as an action.\n   Bodily Leviation: I gain a flying speed equal to my walking speed, and hover mid-air.\n   Spells (Floating Techniques): This devil fruit power has 17 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: catapult (1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), immovable object (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), control water (4 charges), animate objects (5 charges), move earth (6 charges), reverse gravity (7 charges), earthquake (8 charges), or tsunami (8 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn. These spells only work on objects or regions of terrain I have touched before.\n   Awakening (Float Zone): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a 120-foot radius sphere centered on a point I can see within 300 feet for 1 minute or until I fall unconscious. Any creature or object within this sphere can be targeted by any of my Devil Fruit spells for the duration, even if I haven't touched them before. Additionally, if a creature starts its turn in the sphere or enters it for the first time during its turn, it must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failure, a creature is levitated 20 feet in the air (as if affected by the levitate spell), and has its movement halved for the rest of its turn. Once used, I can't activate my awakening again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["catapult"],
		selection : ["catapult"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["immovable object"],
		selection : ["immovable object"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["control water"],
		selection : ["control water"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["animate objects"],
		selection : ["animate objects"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["move earth"],
		selection : ["move earth"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["reverse gravity"],
		selection : ["reverse gravity"],
		firstCol : 7
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["earthquake", "tsunami"],
		selection : ["earthquake", "tsunami"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 8
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["shima shima no mi"] = {

	name : "Shima Shima no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Island Island Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 139],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A flat blue melon with siwlrs across it and a green, leafy top. The stem resembles a tree, emerging from the top. This fruit allows the user to merge with an island's environment and manipulate it.",
}

FeatsList["shima shima no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Shima Shima no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Island Island Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 139],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Shima Shima no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Shima Shima no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Shima Shima no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Stone Meld: As an action, I can merge with any stone surface, allowing me to traverse through it, effectively disappearing from sight. While merged, I can move within and emerge from any connected stone surface within 60 feet.\n   Island Manipulation: I can use the stone shape, passwall, transmute rock, and wall of stone spells at will so long as I'm touching the ground, without expending a spell slot, charge, or material components.\n   Island Body: I can spend 4 devil fruit charges to mold the stone around me to polymorph (as if using the polymorph spell) myself into a stone construct or earth elemental that has a challenge rating equal to or less than my level for up to 1 hour. However, my mental ability scores remain the same and I can speak while in this form. I remain this way as long as I concentrate on maintaining it (as if concentrating on a spell). The transformation lasts for the duration, or until I drop to 0 HP or die. I can continue to use my Devil Fruit abilities and spells in this form, so long as they don't require concentration, but cannot use any other class or racial features or spells for the duration.\n   Spells (Island Techniques): This devil fruit power has 17 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: earth tremor (1 charge, and can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), maximilian's earthen grasp (2 charges), erupting earth (3 charges), stoneskin (4 charges), wrath of nature (5 charges), investiture of stone (6 charges), move earth (6 charges), earthquake (8 charges), or tsunami (8 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Total Island Domination): Once I've awakened my power, I can spend an action to polymorph into a Zaratan for 1 minute, using my \"Island Body\" feature. However, I still have a swim speed of 0 in this form and are subject to my \"Sea Weakness\". Once used, I can't activate my awakening again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["stone shape", "passwall", "transmute rock", "wall of stone"],
		selection : ["stone shape", "passwall", "transmute rock", "wall of stone"],
		times : 4,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["earth tremor"],
		selection : ["earth tremor"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["maximilian's earthen grasp"],
		selection : ["maximilian's earthen grasp"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["erupting earth"],
		selection : ["erupting earth"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["stoneskin"],
		selection : ["stoneskin"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wrath of nature"],
		selection : ["wrath of nature"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["move earth", "investiture of stone"],
		selection : ["move earth", "investiture of stone"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["earthquake", "tsunami"],
		selection : ["earthquake", "tsunami"],
		firstCol : 8
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["tori tori no mi, model: phoenix"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Phoenix",

	nameAlt : "Bird Bird Fruit, Model: Phoenix",

	source : ["DFE", 140],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a bright blue pineapple with swirling flame patterns across its surface, and a bright golden crown. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a phoenix.",
}

FeatsList["tori tori no mi, model: phoenix, consumed"] = {

	name : "Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Phoenix, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Tori Tori Fruit, Model: Phoenix, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 140],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Phoenix",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Phoenix, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Tori Tori no Mi, Model: Phoenix, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Phoenix. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["ryu ryu no mi, model: red dragon"] = {

	name : "Ryu Ryu no Mi, Model: Red Dragon",

	nameAlt : "Dragon Dragon Fruit, Model: Red Dragon",

	source : ["DFE", 140],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a large, red pear with bright scales across its surface and a flame-shaped leaf emerging from its stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a red dragon.",
}

FeatsList["ryu ryu no mi, model: red dragon, consumed"] = {

	name : "Ryu Ryu no Mi, Model: Red Dragon, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dragon Dragon Fruit, Model: Red Dragon, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 140],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Ryu Ryu no Mi, Model: Red Dragon",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Ryu Ryu no Mi, Model: Red Dragon, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Ryu Ryu no Mi, Model: Red Dragon, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Red Dragon. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["uma uma no mi, model: unicorn"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Unicorn",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Unicorn",

	source : ["DFE", 141],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a shiny pearlescent melon with cloud-like swirls, a rainbow-striped center, and a swirling conical white stem pointing upward. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a unicorn.",
}

FeatsList["uma uma no mi, model: unicorn, consumed"] = {

	name : "Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Unicorn, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Horse Horse Fruit, Model: Unicorn, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 141],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Unicorn",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Unicorn, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Unicorn, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Unicorn. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["unicorn"] = {

	name : "Unicorn",

	source : ["DFE", 141],

	size : 2,

	type : "Celestial",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Lawful Good",

	ac : 16,

	hp : 135,

	hd : [18, 10],

	speed : "50 ft",

	scores : [20, 14, 15, 11, 17, 16],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft",

	damage_immunities : "poison",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, paralyzed, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "10",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Hooves",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [9, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Horn",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [9, 5, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Charge",
			description : "If the unicorn moves at least 20 ft. straight toward a target and then hits it with a horn attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 2d8 piercing damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 16 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Resistance",
			description : "The unicorn has advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Weapons",
			description : "The unicorn's weapon attacks are magical."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Healing Touch (3/day)",
			description : "The unicorn touches another creature with its horn. The target magically regains 2d8 + 2 HP. In addition, the touch removes all diseases and neutralizes all poisons afflicting the target."
		}, {
			name : "Teleport (1/day)",
			description : "The unicorn magically teleports itself and up to three willing creatures it can see within 5 ft. of it, along with any equipment they are wearing or carrying, to a location the unicorn is familiar with, up to 1 mile away."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "The unicorn's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 14). The unicorn can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: detect evil and good, druidcraft, pass without trace\n   1/day each: calm emotions, dispel evil and good, entangle"
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["inu inu no mi, model: okuchi no makami"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Okuchi no Makami",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Okuchi no Makami",

	source : ["DFE", 142],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a flat orange with swirl patterns emerging from its stem and five leaves connecting to its swirling yellow stem. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a Okuchi no Makami.",
}

FeatsList["inu inu no mi, model: okuchi no makami, consumed"] = {

	name : "Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Okuchi no Makami, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dog Dog Fruit, Model: Okuchi no Makami, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 142],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Okuchi no Makami",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Okuchi no Makami, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Inu Inu no Mi, Model: Okuchi no Makami, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Okuchi no Makami. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["okuchi no makami"] = {

	name : "Okuchi no Makami",

	source : ["DFE", 142],

	size : 1,

	type : "Celestial",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Lawful Good",

	ac : 16,

	hp : 200,

	hd : [16, 12],

	speed : "50 ft",

	scores : [22, 10, 22, 19, 20, 20],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	skills : {
		"perception" : 9,
		"insight" : 9,
		"religion" : 9
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "cold",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, paralyzed, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 15,

	languages : "",

	challengeRating : "13",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [11, 6, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 1d8 cold damage",
			modifiers : [11, 6, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Ice Walk",
			description : "The Okuchi no Makami can move across and climb icy surfaces without needing to make an ability check. Additionally, difficult terrain composed of ice or snow doesn't cost it extra movement."
		}, {
			name : "Pack Tactics",
			description : "The Okuchi no Makami has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the Okuchi no Makami's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated."
		}, {
			name : "Snow Camouflage",
			description : "The Okuchi no Makami has advantage on Stealth checks made to hide in snowy terrain."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Cold Breath (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The Okuchi no Makami exhales an icy blast in a 60-foot cone. Each creature in that area must make a DC 19 Constitution saving throw, taking 12d8 cold damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."
		}, {
			name : "Teleport (1/day)",
			description : "The unicorn magically teleports itself and up to three willing creatures it can see within 5 ft. of it, along with any equipment they are wearing or carrying, to a location the unicorn is familiar with, up to 1 mile away."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "The unicorn's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 14). The unicorn can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: detect evil and good, druidcraft, pass without trace\n   1/day each: calm emotions, dispel evil and good, entangle"
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["hito hito no mi, model: planetar"] = {

	name : "Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Planetar",

	nameAlt : "Human Human Fruit, Model: Planetar",

	source : ["DFE", 143],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a white melon with cloud-like swirls across its surface and a bright golden stem forming a halo above it. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a planetar.",
}

FeatsList["hito hito no mi, model: planetar, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Planetar, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Human Human Fruit, Model: Planetar, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 143],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Planetar",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Planetar, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Planetar, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Planetar. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: yamata no orochi"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Yamata no Orochi",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Yamata no Orochi",

	source : ["DFE", 143],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a violet apple with swirling scales and seven green stem leaves on top of the fruit with a round triangular shape on the ends. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into a Yamata no Orochi.",
}

FeatsList["hebi hebi no mi, model: yamata no orochi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Yamata no Orochi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Snake Snake Fruit, Model: Yamata no Orochi, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 143],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Yamata no Orochi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Yamata no Orochi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hebi Hebi no Mi, Model: Yamata no Orochi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into a Hydra (reflavored as a Yamata no Orochi). I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["hito hito no mi, model: nika"] = {

	name : "Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Nika",

	nameAlt : "Human Human Fruit, Model: Nika",

	source : ["DFE", 144],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "This devil fruit appears as a spherical violet fruit with S-shaped swirls and bumps across its surface and a horizontal t-shaped flat green stem with a swirl at the right end. This zoan devil fruit allows its user to transform into the sun god Nika.",
}

FeatsList["hito hito no mi, model: nika, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Nika, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Human Human Fruit, Model: Nika, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 144],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Nika",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Nika, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hito Hito no Mi, Model: Nika, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Beast Shape: As an action, I'm able to transform into Nika. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Hybrid Form: I can use my action to enter a \"hybrid\" zoan state, combining a mix of qualities from both my humanoid form and beast form together for a temporary period of time. I follow the rules given in the \"Designing a Zoan Devil Fruit Sheet\" section.\n   Awakening: Upon the awakening of my Zoan Devil Fruit power, when I enter my \"Hybrid Form\", I can temporarily enter my Awakened State, which lasts for 1 minute. While my Awakened State is active, my HP maximum and HP increase by 50, my weapon attacks and unarmed strike attacks deal extra damage of their primary damage type equal to my character level, and I'm able to select an additional hybrid form option. Furthermore, at the start of each of my turns for the duration of this state, I regain HP equivalent to my character level + my Constitution modifier. Should the duration of my Awakened State expire, I hold the option to extend its span for an additional minute, at the cost of incurring a level of exhaustion. If needed, I can further extend this state by enduring an extra level of exhaustion for each additional minute. These levels of exhaustion can only be removed by completing a long rest. Once my Awakened State ends, it can't be activated again for another 24 hours.",

	action : ["action"],
}

CreatureList["nika"] = {

	name : "Nika",

	source : ["DFE", 144],

	size : 2,

	type : "Celestial",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Chaotic Good",

	ac : 19,

	hp : 300,

	hd : [24, 10],

	speed : "30 ft, fly 60 ft",

	scores : [26, 20, 24, 19, 22, 25],

	saves : ["", "+11", "", "", "+10", "+12"],

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "bludgeoning from non-magical attacks",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, frightened",

	passivePerception : 16,

	languages : "Common",

	challengeRating : "20",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 4,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Unarmed Strike",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [6, 8, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (30 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 2d8 bludgeoning if Nika is affected by \"Colossal Growth\"",
			modifiers : [14, 8, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Drums of Liberation",
			description : "Any creature friendly to Nika within 30 feet of Nika cannot be frightened while Nika is conscious."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Weapons",
			description : "Nika's weapon attacks are magical."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Colossal Growth (1/day)",
			description : "Nika polymorphs into a giant, with its size increasing to Gargantuan, for 1 minute. Nika's stats remain the same in this form. It reverts to its true form if it falls to 0 HP or falls unconscious."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "Nika's spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 21). Nika can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components:\n   At will: arms of hadar, earth tremor, enlarge/reduce (Self)\n   3/day each: call lightning, erupting earth, freedom of movement (Self)\n   1/day each: bigby's hand (opaque hand which replaces one of Nika's fists), move earth, wall of stone"
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["pika pika no mi"] = {

	name : "Pika Pika no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Light Light Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 145],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A bright yellow starfruit with sharp swirling patterns and several sharp protrusions on its surface. This devil fruit allows its user to create, control, and transform into light at will.",
}

FeatsList["pika pika no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Pika Pika no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Light Light Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 145],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Pika Pika no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Pika Pika no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Pika Pika no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Logia Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my light body. Additionally, I'm immune to radiant damage and the blinded condition.\n   Elemental Form: I can use the \"Logia Elemental Form\" feature listed under \"Designing a Logia Devil Fruit Sheet\".\n   Radiant Body: I learn the word of radiance, light, and dancing lights cantrips, no material components required. Additionally, I can cast guiding bolt (1st level) as an action, no charges required. I can cast it at higher levels by spending a devil fruit charge for each additional level the spell is cast at.\n   Sacred Mirror: I can expend 1 devil fruit charge as an action to direct my light form at blinding speeds in order to teleport, along with any equipment I'm wearing orcarrying, up to 120 feet to an unoccupied space I can see.\n   Spells (Light Beams): This devil fruit power has 17 charges.You can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: faerie fire (1 charge), daylight (3 charges), sickening radiance (4 charges), wall of light (5 charges), holy weapon (5 charges), dawn (5 charges), sunbeam (6 charges), crown of stars (7 charges), holy aura (8 charges), or sunburst (8 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Light Speed): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast time stop, without expending any charges or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["word of radiance", "light", "dancing lights", "guiding bolt"],
		selection : ["word of radiance", "light", "dancing lights", "guiding bolt"],
		times : 4,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["faerie fire"],
		selection : ["faerie fire"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["darkness", "vortex warp"],
		selection : ["darkness", "vortex warp"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["daylight"],
		selection : ["daylight"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["sickening radiance"],
		selection : ["sickening radiance"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wall of light", "holy weapon", "dawn"],
		selection : ["wall of light", "holy weapon", "dawn"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["sunbeam"],
		selection : ["sunbeam"],
		firstCol : 7
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["crown of stars"],
		selection : ["crown of stars"],
		firstCol : 8
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["holy aura", "sunburst"],
		selection : ["holy aura", "sunburst"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 9
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["goro goro no mi"] = {

	name : "Goro Goro no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Lightning Lightning Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 145],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A bright blue pineapple with sharp swirling patterns. This devil fruit allows its user to create, control, and transform into lightning at will.",
}

FeatsList["goro goro no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Goro Goro no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Lightning Lightning Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 145],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Goro Goro no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Goro Goro no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Goro Goro no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Logia Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my lightning body. Additionally, I'm immune to lightning damage and the deafened condition, as well as resistant to thunder damage.\n   Elemental Form: I can use the \"Logia Elemental Form\" feature listed under \"Designing a Logia Devil Fruit Sheet\".\n   Electric Body: I learn the lightning lure and shocking grasp cantrips, no material components required. Additionally, I can cast witch bolt (1st level) as an action, no charges or material components required. I can cast it at higher levels by spending a devil fruit charge for each additional level the spell is cast at.\n   Electromagnetic Surveillance: I have advantage on Perception checks that rely on hearing. Additionally, I can expend 1 devil fruit charge cast clarivoyance with only the ability to hear, no material components required.\n   Spells (Lightning Strikes): This devil fruit power has 17 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: thunderwave (1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), shatter (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), heat metal (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional charges), thunder step (3 charges), lightning bolt (3 charges), call lightning (3 charges), storm sphere (4 charges), chain lightning (6 charges), control weather (8 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Kingdom Come): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast storm of vengeance, without expending any charges or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["lightning lure", "shocking grasp", "witch bolt"],
		selection : ["lightning lure", "shocking grasp", "witch bolt"],
		times : 3,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["clairvoyance", "thunderwave"],
		selection : ["clairvoyance", "thunderwave"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["shatter", "heat metal"],
		selection : ["shatter", "heat metal"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["thunder step", "lightning bolt", "call lightning"],
		selection : ["thunder step", "lightning bolt", "call lightning"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["storm sphere"],
		selection : ["storm sphere"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["chain lightning"],
		selection : ["chain lightning"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["control weather"],
		selection : ["control weather"],
		firstCol : 7
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["hie hie no mi"] = {

	name : "Hie Hie no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Ice Ice Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 146],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A long white and blue sharp fruit shaped like an icicle with sharp swirling patterns. This devil fruit allows its user to create, control, and transform into ice at will.",
}

FeatsList["hie hie no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Hie Hie no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Ice Ice Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 146],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Hie Hie no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Hie Hie no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Hie Hie no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Logia Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my ice body. Additionally, I'm immune to cold damage and I can move across difficult terrain created by ice or snow without spending extra movement.\n   Elemental Form: I can use the \"Logia Elemental Form\" feature listed under \"Designing a Logia Devil Fruit Sheet\".\n   Ice Body: I learn the ray of frost cantrip, no material components required. Additionally, I can cast ice knife (1st level) as an action, no charges or material components required. I can cast it at higher levels by spending a devil fruit charge for each additional level the spell is cast at.\n   Ice Age: So long as I'm conscious, I can walk on water normally as if using the water walk spell. Additionally, I can expend 1 devil fruit charge as an action to lower the temperature in a 120-foot-radius sphere centered on a point I can see within 300 feet of me, causing the land, water, and other liquids to freeze over. The ice persists without melting for up to 1 hour or until I destroy it as an action.\n   Spells (Ice Time): This devil fruit power has 17 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: armor of agathys (1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional devil fruit charges), rime's binding ice (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional devil fruit charges), elemental weapon (cold; 3 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional devil fruit charges), ice storm (4 charges), cone of cold (5 charges), otiluke's freezing sphere (6 charges), investiture of ice (6 charges), wall of ice (6 charges), flesh to ice (6 charges; as flesh to stone except that the target turns to solid ice with the density and durability of stone), ice capsule (as power word stun; 8 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["ray of frost", "ice of knife"],
		selection : ["ray of frost", "ice of knife"],
		times : 2,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["armor of agathys"],
		selection : ["armor of agathys"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["rime's binding ice"],
		selection : ["rime's binding ice"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["elemental weapon"],
		selection : ["elemental weapon"],
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["ice storm"],
		selection : ["ice storm"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["cone of cold"],
		selection : ["cone of cold"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["otiluke's freezing sphere", "investiture of ice", "flesh to stone", "wall of ice"],
		selection : ["otiluke's freezing sphere", "investiture of ice", "flesh to stone", "wall of ice"],
		times : 4,
		firstCol : 7
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["power word stun"],
		selection : ["power word stun"],
		firstCol : 8
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["magu magu no mi"] = {

	name : "Magu Magu no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Magma Magma Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 146],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A small bright red and orange melon with a drooping circular swirling pattern. This devil fruit allows its user to create, control, and transform into magma at will.",
}

FeatsList["magu magu no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Magu Magu no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Magma Magma Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 146],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Magu Magu no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Magu Magu no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Magu Magu no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Logia Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my magma body. Additionally, I'm immune to fire damage and I can move across difficult terrain created by rocky terrain or magma without spending extra movement.\n   Elemental Form: I can use the \"Logia Elemental Form\" feature listed under \"Designing a Logia Devil Fruit Sheet\".\n   Magma Body: I learn the Lava Splash cantrip (as acid splash, but dealing fire damage instead), no material components required. Additionally, I can cast searing smite (1st level) as an action, no charges or material components required. I can cast it at higher levels by spending a devil fruit charge for each additional level the spell is cast at.\n   Volcanic Lava: I can expend 1 devil fruit charge as an action to cause a volcanic eruption in a 30-foot-radius sphere centered on a point I can see within 300 feet of me. After 1d4 rounds at the start of my turn, the surface in that area becomes covered with 1 foot of lava. The lava is considered difficult terrain and deals 10d10 fire damage to any creature that starts its turn in it or enters it for the first time on its turn. The lava also sinks beneath any liquid it enters. This effect lasts for 1 hour, after which the lava hardens into rock.\n   Spells (red Hound and Eruptions): This devil fruit power has 17 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expendmaterial components: Hell Armor (as armor of agathys, but dealing fire damage instead; 1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional devil fruit charges), aganazzar's scorcher (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional devil fruit charges), melf's minute meteors (3 charges), erupting earth (3 charges), wall of stone (5 charges), immolation (5 charges), investiture of stone (6 charges), incendiary cloud (8 charges), or meteor swarm (9 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Grand Eruption): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to create a massive volcanic eruption in a 120-foot radius sphere centered on me. Each creature in the radius must make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failure, a creature takes 10d10 fire damage, or half as much on a success. Additionally, the ground in the radius is covered in 5-foot deep lava for 1 minute, after which the lava solidifes into 5 feet of solid stone over the ground. Wading through the lava causes a creature to take 10d10 fire damage. Being fully submerged in the lava causes a creature to take 18d10 fire damage. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["acid splash", "smite"],
		selection : ["acid splash", "smite"],
		times : 2,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["armor of agathys"],
		selection : ["armor of agathys"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["aganazzar's scorcher"],
		selection : ["aganazzar's scorcher"],
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["melf's minute meteors", "erupting earth"],
		selection : ["melf's minute meteors", "erupting earth"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["wall of stone", "immolation"],
		selection : ["wall of stone", "immolation"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["investiture of stone"],
		selection : ["investiture of stone"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["incendiary cloud"],
		selection : ["incendiary cloud"],
		firstCol : 7
	}, {
		name : "9 charges",
		spells : ["meteor swarm"],
		selection : ["meteor swarm"],
		firstCol : 8
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["mera mera no mi"] = {

	name : "Mera Mera no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Fire Fire Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 147],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A bright orange citrus fruit with a swirling flame patterned spikes stemming from its skin. This devil fruit allows its user to create, control, and transform into fire at will.",
}

FeatsList["mera mera no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Mera Mera no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Fire Fire Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 147],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Mera Mera no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Mera Mera no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Mera Mera no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Logia Immunity: I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from non-magical attacks, as physical objects pass through my fire body. Additionally, I'm immune to fire damage.\n   Elemental Form: I can use the \"Logia Elemental Form\" feature listed under \"Designing a Logia Devil Fruit Sheet\".\n   Flame Body: I learn the fire bolt, produce flame, and control flames cantrips. Additionally, I can cast burning hands (1st level) as an action, no charges or material components required. I can cast it at higher levels by spending a devil fruit charge for each additional level the spell is cast at.\n   Burning Wave: I can expend 1 devil fruit charge as an action to ignite all flammable materials or extinguish all flames within 100 feet of me. Objects or equipment that hold fire, such as torches and lanterns, are suddenly lit. Flammable objects that aren't worn, such those made of wood or wool, catch on fire. A flammable object that is small or smaller is instantly burnt up and reduced to ash. A flammable object that is medium or larger burns at a rate of 1d4 fire damage per round until its fire is put out as an action.\n   Spells (Flame Commandments): This devil fruit power has 17 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: hellish rebuke (1 charge, can cast at higher levels by spending additional devil fruit charges), flaming sphere (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional devil fruit charges), heat metal (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional devil fruit charges), scorching ray (2 charges, can cast at higher levels by spending additional devil fruit charges), fireball (3 charges), ashardalon's stride (3 charges), wall of fire (4 charges), fire shield (warm shield; 4 charges), flame strike (5 charges), investiture of flame (6 charges), fire storm (7 charges), or incendiary cloud (8 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Flame Emperor): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast flame emperor, without expending any charges or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "At will",
		spells : ["fire bolt", "produce flame", "control flames", "burning hands"],
		selection : ["fire bolt", "produce flame", "control flames", "burning hands"],
		times : 4,
		atwill : true,
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["hellish rebuke"],
		selection : ["hellish rebuke"],
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["flaming sphere", "heat metal", "scorching ray"],
		selection : ["flaming sphere", "heat metal", "scorching ray"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["fireball", "ashardalon's stride"],
		selection : ["fireball", "ashardalon's stride"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["wall of fire", "fire shield"],
		selection : ["wall of fire", "fire shield"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["flame strike"],
		selection : ["flame strike"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["investiture of flame"],
		selection : ["investiture of flame"],
		firstCol : 7
	}, {
		name : "7 charges",
		spells : ["fire storm"],
		selection : ["fire storm"],
		firstCol : 8
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["incendiary cloud"],
		selection : ["incendiary cloud"],
		firstCol : 9
	}]
}

MagicItemsList["yami yami no mi"] = {

	name : "Yami Yami no Mi",

	nameAlt : "Dark Dark Fruit",

	source : ["DFE", 148],

	type : "devil fruit",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "A light-purple fruit with upward swirling teardrop protrusions stemming from its skin, which allows its user to create, control, and transform into darkness at will.",
}

FeatsList["yami yami no mi, consumed"] = {

	name : "Yami Yami no Mi, Consumed",

	nameAlt : "Dark Dark Fruit, Consumed",

	source : ["DFE", 139],

	prerequisite : "Eat the Yami Yami no Mi",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have consumed the Yami Yami no Mi, granting me various benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "I have consumed the Yami Yami no Mi, granting me the following benefits:\n   Sea Weakness: I'm weak to water and seastone.\n   Darkness Immunity: I'm immune to necrotic damage, but vulnerable to every other damage type. You also gain darkvision up to 120 feet, and can see through magical darkness.\n   Black Spiral: As an action, I can target a creature within 60 feet of me, attempting to pull it closer to me using intense gravity from my darkness. The target must succeed on a Strength saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or be pulled up to 60 feet toward me and become grappled by me. While it is grappled this way, it is restrained by the darkness in my palm until the grapple is broken.\n   Black Hole: As an action, U may spend 1 or more devil fruit charges to form a large pool of darkness on the ground around me. If I do so, I target each creature and object in a 10-foot radius sphere centered on me must succeed on a Costitution saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC. A creature takes 3d10 necrotic damage on a failed save and becomes banished into my darkness (as if using the banishment spell, no concentration required) for 1 minute, or half as much damage and doesn't get banished on a successful one. An unworn or unheld object in the radius is automatically banished into the darkness. A creature banished into my darkness is freed if I'm reduced to 0 HP or fall unconscious, reappearing in its original space after it is freed. A creature banished this way has all of it's devil fruit abilities and active effects nullified for the duration. The darkness's damage increases by 1d10 and it's radius increases by 5 feet for each additional devil fruit charge expended over 1, dealing up to 11d10 necrotic damage and having up to a 50-foot radius in total.\n   Liberation: As an action, I can free any object or creature banished into my darkness. If a creature or object is freed this way, it is thrown up to 60 feet in a random direction and knocked prone. If a thrown target strikes a solid surface, the target takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage for every 10 feet it was thrown. If the target is thrown at another creature, that creature must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw against my Devil Fruit save DC or take the same damage and be knocked prone.\n   Darkness Storage: My carrying capacity is multiplied by 100, as I'm able to store objects within black holes on my body. Any object I carry that isn't being worn or held is stored in a pocket dimension (as if using a bag of holding) which can only be released by me. If I fall unconscious or drop to 0 HP, all objects I'm storing in my pocket dimension is released from my body.\n   Devil Fruit Nullification: When a creature is restrained or grappled by me or a spell cast by this devil fruit, it is unable to use any devil fruit abilities for the duration of the grapple or restraint, and any active devil fruit effects it was using are suddenly ended, as if the creature was touched by seastone.\n   Spells (Black Hole): This devil fruit power has 17 charges. I can expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of the following spells from it without needing to expend material components: absorb elements (1 charge), darkness (2 charges), vortex warp (2 charges), hunger of hadar (3 charges), pulse wave (3 charges), shadow of moil (4 charges), evard's black tentacles (4 charges), banishment (4 charges), destructive wave (necrotic; 5 charges), circle of death (6 charges), dark star (8 charges). The devil fruit regains expended charges daily at dawn.\n   Awakening (Infinity Black Hole): Once I've awakened my power, I can use an action to cast ravenous void, without expending any charges or material components. I can't use this action again for another 24 hours.",

	carryingCapacity : 100,

	usages : 17,

	recovery : "dawn",

	additional : "regains 17",

	action : ["action"],

	spellcastingBonus : [{
		name : "1 charge",
		spells : ["absorb elements"],
		selection : ["absorb elements"],
		firstCol : 1
	}, {
		name : "2 charges",
		spells : ["darkness", "vortex warp"],
		selection : ["darkness", "vortex warp"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 2
	}, {
		name : "3 charges",
		spells : ["hunger of hadar", "pulse wave"],
		selection : ["hunger of hadar", "pulse wave"],
		times : 2,
		firstCol : 3
	}, {
		name : "4 charges",
		spells : ["evard's black tentacles", "shadow of moil", "banishment"],
		selection : ["evard's black tentacles", "shadow of moil", "banishment"],
		times : 3,
		firstCol : 4
	}, {
		name : "5 charges",
		spells : ["desructive wave"],
		selection : ["desructive wave"],
		firstCol : 5
	}, {
		name : "6 charges",
		spells : ["circle of death"],
		selection : ["circle of death"],
		firstCol : 6
	}, {
		name : "8 charges",
		spells : ["dark star"],
		selection : ["dark star"],
		firstCol : 7
	}],
}