var iFileName = "Homebrew Syntax - Epic Legacy Code.js";
RequiredSheetVersion(13);

SourceList["ELCR"] = {

	name : "Epic Legacy - Core Rulebook",

	abbreviation : "ELCR",

	date : "2018/10/??",

	group : "2CGaming",

	url : "https://store.2cgaming.com/products/epic-legacy-core-rulebook-pdf",
}

SourceList["ELCC"] = {

	name : "Epic Legacy - Campaign Codex",

	abbreviation : "ELCC",

	date : "2020/05/??",

	group : "2CGaming",

	url : "https://store.2cgaming.com/products/epic-legacy-campaign-codex-pdf",
}

SourceList["ELHH"] = {

	name : "Epic Legacy - Hero's Handbook",

	abbreviation : "ELHH",

	date : "2023/09/??",

	group : "2CGaming",

	url : "https://store.2cgaming.com/products/epic-legacy-campaign-codex-pdf",
}

FeatsList["epic legacy rules"] = {

	name : "Epic Legacy Rules",

	source : [["ELCR", 0], ["ELHH", 0]],

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "New rules detailed in Epic Legacy - Core Rulebook and Epic Legacy - Hero's Handbook will be added to notes.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 1",
		source : [["ELCR", 10] ["ELHH", 15]],
		popupName : "Epic Ego Table",
		note : [
			"d20         Epic Ego",
			"1           Arrogant: I can talk my way out of or into anything. Why pay for what you can just demand? I will get better use out of it anyway, so they should be grateful I even asked.",
			"2           Bored: I’m generally grumpy and bored unless there is a worthy opponent in front of me. I get downright furious when pathetic creatures dare to attack me, and obliterate them for daring to waste my time.",
			"3           Conceited: How do ordinary people get anything done?! I can straighten out their lives with the snap of my fingers and will not hesitate to do so. Why even bother asking for permission? They’ll thank me eventually.",
			"4           Demeaning: I pity those without the kind of power I wield. I remember what it was like to be that weak. If only they knew what it was like to be me, then they’d understand.",
			"5           Egomaniacal: I am a genius the likes of which this world has never seen. Say something stupid in my presence without the power or knowledge to back it up, and I’ll take you to school.",
			"6           Elitist: Magic is too dangerous in the hands of others lacking my experience and oversight. I keep my \"how to\" guide on the subject on hand just in case I encounter another reckless spellcaster, along with a prepared speech on the subject.",
			"7           Grizzled: You don’t want to be me. I’ve been to the hells and back, and only still doing this gig ’cause no one else can. My best advice to you? Retire early, before a demon tears out your heart.",
			"8           Hedonistic: I enjoy every moment of peace to the fullest. I risk life, limb, and even soul to do what I do, so when I can party, I party hard.",
			"9           Indifferent: Teach a man to fish, and he can feed himself. I won’t solve others’ problems if they can solve it themselves. That’s how it was when I got my start and look how I turned out.",
			"10          Isolated: I cannot get close to those who lack the power to stand beside me in battle. It’s just too risky—my enemies could easily exploit this connection and do harm to those I love. I miss my family.",
			"11          Mentor: I am always on the lookout for up and coming adventurers. I know of a few good quests they could use that should be a suitable challenge. So what if the last group couldn’t handle it? The risk is part of the job!",
			"12          Misanthropic: I hate the attention my power has brought me. I never fought for glory or praise, and I resent those who give it to me without my permission. Autograph requests are the worst.",
			"13          Old-Timer: This new generation of heroes are so soft. They will never amount to what I accomplished, and even if they do, it’s because I blazed the trail. Harrumph.",
			"14          Overstimulated: Ugh, don’t offer me gold please. I’ve had enough of riches and glamour. Show me something truly special, something I’ve never seen before. Otherwise I’m just not interested.",
			"15          Possessive: My equipment is sacred to me. It’s safeguarded me through more dangers than I can count, and is far more valuable than your life. Those who fail to understand this are deserving of punishment.",
			"16          Insatiable: It is never enough. Glory, treasure, companionship. I’ve tried everything worth trying and yet hunger for more.",
			"17          Secretive: I like to conceal my identity whenever possible. It’s nice to be “normal” every once in a while. I live a double life in my spare time.",
			"18          Show-Off: I love to put on a show. What is the point of having these awesome powers if you can’t put them on display? Sure, the crowds get a bit much sometimes, but it’s all in good fun.",
			"19          Traumatized: The world is teetering on the brink of destruction. Horrors lurk beyond the realm of conception, waiting to tear the world to shreds. My adventures are not tales of glory, but of unspeakable, apocalyptic horror.",
			"20          You create an Epic Ego of your own design or choose an ego from the table.",
			"20 (HH)     Weird: My preferences and behaviors are strange to most. But after what I have been through, I can never go back to normal, so the rest of the world is just going to have to deal with it.",
		]
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy - Hero's Handbook Rules, Part 1",
		source : ["ELHH", 13],
		popupName : "Epic Ambitions Table",
		note : [
			"d20     Epic Ambition",
			"1       Enlightenment: Only by exploring all the universe has to offer can I truly understand it and find my place among its infinite wonders.",
			"2       Destiny: I have clearly been destined for great things, but fate is not done with me yet. No matter my end, I will see it through.",
			"3       Nemesis: Even with all I have accomplished, my greatest foe is still beyond my reach. I cannot rest until I have done what is necessary to defeat them once and for all.",
			"4       Fortune: Beyond mere gold exists treasures of such staggering artistry, power, and value that to grant them any price tag would be an insult. I must have them!",
			"5       Power: This strength is only the beginning. Before my time is done, all will know the true depths of my might waiting to be unleashed.",
			"6       Transcendence: I wish to stand among the gods and be counted among their number. Even if I must leave my mortal life behind, it is worth it to stand among such titans.",
			"7       Omniscience: There is infinite knowledge in the universe, and I want to know it all.",
			"8       Exploration: In the farthest-flung corners of existence lie wonders undiscovered. To find these places and be the first to see their wonders will be the journey of a lifetime.",
			"9       Duty: With this power I can serve those worthy of my respect. Each challenge brings new strength, and with each new strength comes greater dedication to the cause.",
			"10      Passion: It’s not work if you love your job! Why would I ever stop adventuring? There is nothing I would rather do than go on another grand adventure, so long as we never forget to swing by a good tavern.",
			"11      Thrills: Have you seen what is out there? It will turn your blood to ice and make an adrenaline rush feel like an understatement. Nothing can compare to the experience of facing down a world-ending villain and emerging triumphant.",
			"12      Challenge: How strong am I really? Everything I have faced thus far has been overcome, and the list of worthy challenges grows short. I must journey far and wide to find true tests of my skill.",
			"13      Competition: Why be great when you can be the best? Given enough time and effort, anything is possible, so the only true measure of quality is how well the impossible is achieved.",
			"14      Companionship: My fellow adventurers are my found family. I quest and fight alongside them because that is what family does. We stand by each other, no matter what.",
			"15      Fame: The screaming crowds, the endless honors, the free rooms at every tavern. Fame has its perks, and I love each and every one of them.",
			"16      Penance: I owe a great debt that may never be repaid. However, I must try, for doing otherwise would bring incalculable consequences.",
			"17      Change: With great power comes great change. Who I was when my journey began cannot compare to who I am now. With each new achievement comes metamorphosis. Into what I cannot say.",
			"18      Soulmate: I have crossed paths with countless beings, but none have touched my heart. There must be another with whom I can share this challenging life and finally feel at peace.",
			"19      Farewell: A story such as mine deserves an epic conclusion. I don’t know when, and I don’t know how, but somewhere on my journey will be the beautiful death my life deserves.",
			"20      Hatred: There are things in this world that deserve the worst I have to offer. Wherever they hide and no matter their strength, I will deliver the fate they deserve."
		]
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy - Hero's Handbook Rules, Part 2",
		source : ["ELHH", 14],
		popupName : "Epic Reputations Table",
		note : [
			"d20     Epic Reputation",
			"1       Dangerous: It is said that wherever I tread, calamity follows. Even my closest allies treat me with caution, for they know all too well I could destroy them at any moment.",
			"2       Guardian: I am seen as a shield against peril and woe. Everyone comes to me for help, and I never turn away a deserving soul in need. Across the worlds there are those who owe their lives to my ceaseless vigil.",
			"3       Enforcer: Everyone knows I get the job done. Nothing more, nothing less. Exactly as advertised.",
			"4       Eccentric: My preferences and outlandish behaviors are infamous. When my actions go against the expected and appreciated, it is no surprise and one others have learned to tolerate.",
			"5       Generous: My sacrifices for the good of others are legendary. I am always willing to lend a hand with my unique talents to solve problems in a suitably exemplary manner.",
			"6       Mysterious: Not much is known about me, other than not much is known. I am a living enigma whose history and true identity are a secret known only to a privileged few.",
			"7       Enlightened: Beings from across the realms come to me with questions, and I always have an answer. It may not always be the one they are looking for, but it will be the one they need.",
			"8       Mischievous: Whenever things are amiss, I am always suspected. It can’t be helped. Abilities such as mine are itching to be used, and the results are always as entertaining as they are clever.",
			"9       Decisive: Too many lives have been lost while those with the power to act debate strategy. When people need to see something done, they come and find me! It might not be pretty, but it’s better than waiting.",
			"10      Sinister: It is said my enemies suffered horribly before their untimely end. Maybe it’s true; maybe it isn’t. But what is important is that others believe it to be true, and that is just the way I like it.",
			"11      Aloof: Others perceive me as being above the petty concerns of those who are less significant and powerful. It is true my focus often lies on the bigger picture.",
			"12      Savant: I am distinguished and exceptional in my abilities. Others always see me as among the most talented in my field and look to me first among my peers.",
			"13      Mighty: With a single flex I intimidate dragons, woo lovers, and impress giants. My feats of strength are known far and wide, for who wouldn’t be impressed by such magnificent muscles?",
			"14      Swift: Ever outrun the wind? I have, and that’s why you’ve heard of me. My phenomenal speed leaves my foes dead and my rivals in the dust before they even know what is happening.",
			"15      Stalwart: You want to know where I got these scars? Too bad—there aren’t enough hours in the day to tell those stories. My body has been through hell and back, literally, and has the burn marks to prove it.",
			"16      Brilliant: I’m not the one you come to when you need something simplified and explained. I’m the person you hire when there is something forever beyond your comprehension you need handled, and you don’t have a lifetime to waste on it.",
			"17      Loquacious: Every conversation is a tapestry, and my voice is the paint. When your flirtations become legendary poems, your speeches are foundational diplomacy, and your threats quell armies, it’s only natural to always have something to say.",
			"18      Destined: My future is written in a prophecy known far and wide. I will meet my destiny head on, no matter its end. Others may not understand the burden I carry, but there is no escaping fate.",
			"19      Just: There is always a right and wrong decision, a fair and unfair outcome. Whenever I arbitrate a dispute or exercise authority, justice has always been satisfied. Even the most disgruntled recipient cannot refute the integrity of my reasoning.",
			"20      Creative: My mind is an endless wellspring of ideas, forever flowing with original concepts and unique inspirations. When others need a fresh perspective, my name is always mentioned."
		]
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 2",
		source : [["ELCR", 14], ["ELHH", 18]],
		popupName : "Power Designations",
		note : "\nContained many times within this code, you will find the descriptors \"Non-Epic\", \"Epic\", and \"Deific\" when referring to specific content. The properties of each classification are detailed below:\n   Non-Epic: Non-Epic content is anything designed for 1st to 20th level in 5th Edition. Spells, class features, creatures, magic items, and many other aspects of play fall into this category. When something is non-Epic, it almost never approaches the level of significance held by the most minor of its Epic counterparts. This isn’t to say everything found in the 5th Edition core rules must remain non-Epic. Many of these gameplay elements can be swiftly improved to become Epic in their own right. By classifying something as non-Epic, it provides a clear system of interaction between a character and the content in question. Being non-Epic doesn’t mean something isn’t important or powerful, it simply lacks an exceptional quality to be considered Epic.\n   Epic: Epic content is everything featured in within the code. Whether it is a new skill, feat, class feature, or spell, everything here is Epic. Many non-Epic gameplay elements become instantly more powerful if classified as Epic, granting them unique protections or resistances to certain Epic effects. Being Epic doesn’t necessarily mean possessing extraordinary power. Objects and creatures of exceptional rarity, godlike heritage, great beauty, and many other unusual traits could easily be classified as Epic. Think of Epic as more of a designation of exceptionalism than a classification of power. Epic content is appropriately significant for Epic characters from 21st level to 30th level and forms the \"standard\" content of Epic Legacy Core Rulebook.\n   Deific: When something is Deific, it is of a level of significance which indicates that even the gods (or your game world’s equivalent) have a stake in its existence. Deific can be simply described as \"Beyond Epic\" and is primarily used by a DM to create a level of gameplay that is beyond the ken of all but the most powerful Epic characters. At minimum, everything that is Deific is also Epic. Many features presented in this book have special interactions with Deific-level content, and few characters are ever able to produce Deific effects without great effort. When a piece of Deific content appears in your game, its nature and strength are at the DM’s discretion, who will prescribe properties appropriate to your game world. As a rule, Deific content is either very rare in Epic Legacy or appears with more frequency when your group has entered the Legendary Tier of Epic-level play.",
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 3",
		source : [["ELCR", 14], ["ELHH", 18]],
		popupName : "Epic Damage Types",
		note : "\nSome abilities, attacks, and spells performed by Epic creatures and characters generate rare and powerful damage types, called Epic damage types. Rules such as damage resistance and immunity apply to some Epic damage types, but non-Epic features or effects cannot specifically grant resistance or immunity to Epic damage types. If something subjected to an Epic damage type has resistance or immunity to all damage, it has resistance to types of Epic damage as well. In all other ways besides those detailed here, Epic damage types are identical to their non-Epic counterparts.\n   Arcane Damage: Sometimes called \"True Damage\", arcane damage represents the fundamental energy that flows through the multiverse, raw and unformed. Arcane damage appears as cosmic energy of shifting color, utterly destructive to anything it encounters. Under no circumstances can a creature have resistance or immunity to arcane damage, nor can arcane damage be reduced by any means.\n   Righteous Damage: Pure holy energy, this damage comes from beings of pure good, who weaponize it as a force against evil. Righteous damage appears as a combination of flame, light, and raw force, overwhelming in its intensity. Evil creatures are always vulnerable to righteous damage.\n   Vile Damage: Raw evil incarnate, vile damage is malevolent and caustic. The worst parts of acid, poison, and necrotic energy wrapped together, vile damage is an infectious purple slime that bubbles with hate. Good creatures are always vulnerable to vile damage.",
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 4",
		source : [["ELCR", 14], ["ELHH", 19]],
		popupName : "Epic Advantage and Disadvantage",
		note : "\nEpic characters are prodigious and exceptional. It is not uncommon for them to always have advantage on their attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws, or always impose disadvantage on their enemies. Unfortunately, the foes of Epic characters have many of the same tricks, leading to a frustrating stalemate in which neither party has advantage or disadvantage on anything. This isn’t very fun, so Epic Legacy makes use of the concepts called Epic Advantage and Epic Disadvantage. Functionally, Epic Advantage and Epic Disadvantage work identically to their non-Epic counterparts, providing an additional d20 roll and forcing the roller to pick the highest or lowest result. However, if something has Epic Advantage on a roll, it is immune to the penalties of Non-Epic Disadvantage. The inverse is also true if something has Epic Disadvantage on a roll, it cannot benefit from Non-Epic Advantage. When something has Epic Advantage and Epic Disadvantage on the same roll, it instead has neither of them.",
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 5",
		source : [["ELCR", 14], ["ELHH", 20]],
		popupName : "Epic Ability Checks",
		note : "\nEpic characters are very skilled; their increased ability scores and proficiency bonuses grant even the most amateur Epic characters tremendous bonuses to their ability checks. In extreme cases, it is not uncommon for an Epic character to achieve an average ability check result of 30. According to the 5th Edition core rules, a result of 30 or higher can accomplish nearly impossible tasks, which, if true, means Epic characters would never need to roll higher than 30 for most ability checks they attempt. However, what constitutes a nearly impossible task in the eyes of an Epic character is a different category of challenge entirely. Because of this potential, Epic characters may attempt ability checks well beyond the intended scope of their associated skill. When successful, these checks allow a character to perform activities that appear magical or supernatural to those observing them. These checks are called Epic ability checks. When an Epic character attempts an ability check for which the DM would declare the DC to be greater than 30, the nature of the check may warrant it being considered an Epic ability check. Epic ability checks defy contemporary logic, allowing characters to accomplish acts of herculean strength, astonishing speed, and other wonders that put non-Epic characters to shame. The limits of what you can do with your Epic character’s skills are your imagination and the whims of your DM. When successful, Epic ability checks often \"bend\" the rules of what is possible in 5th Edition, but rarely break them. When you would attempt an ability check that would exceed the traditional parameters of its associated skill (if any), you may declare your ability check to be an Epic ability check. When you do so, you must detail the manner in which the check is performed, even if performing that task seems impossible in that manner. The DM then determines if the act you wish to attempt is worthy of being considered an Epic ability check, an ordinary ability check, or impossible even with the aid of Epic skill. If the DM allows your Epic ability check, what you are able to accomplish on a success may still be adjusted, such as the rate of which the activity performed or the degree to which you succeed. Once the DM has determined a DC for the ability check, you may then attempt the check. Once characters have attempted an Epic ability check, regardless of the result, they cannot attempt another Epic ability check until they have finished a short or long rest. Detailed below are some examples of Epic ability checks for each ability, along with some suggested DCs.\n   Strength Ability Checks:\n     Athletics (DC 32): You can throw objects as though you were a siege machine, such as a catapult or trebuchet.\n     Athletics (DC 50): You attempt to climb a perfectly smooth surface with no handholds or purchases. You can even crawl across the ceiling like a spider.\n   Dexterity Ability Checks:\n     Acrobatics (DC 40): You balance upon a liquid surface, such as acid or water, as though it were solid.\n   Acrobatics (DC 60): You pass through spaces that are far too small to accommodate a creature of your size, such as between bars in a cell, into miniscule crevices, or through pipes meant only for liquids.\n     Sleight of Hand (DC 40): You steal specific objects from another’s bag of holding or portable hole, remove someone’s clothes without them noticing, or pilfer treasure locked inside a chest.\n     Sleight of Hand (DC 50): You steal something in plain sight with such speed it appears as if it simply vanished into thin air.\n     Stealth (DC 45): You conceal yourself in another creature’s shadow, mimicking its movements to remain undetectable.\n     Stealth (DC 55): You conceal something on your person so that it cannot be found, even while you are being strip-searched or magically examined.\n   Constitution Ability Checks:\n     You choose to feel no pain from an injury or affliction. (DC 35)\n     You regrow a lost limb or extremity throughly your natural healing process. (DC 40)\n     You gain the benefits of resting without falling asleep. (DC 45)\n   Intelligence Ability Checks:\n     Arcana (DC 40): You learn all the properties of a magical effect you are observing, even if you’ve never seen it before.\n     Arcana (DC 45): You can determine what spells were cast in an area or on another creature based on the aftermath of their effects.\n     History (DC 40): You memorize a piece of historical information in seconds and are able to recall it with perfect clarity.\n     History (DC 50): You learn the abilities and properties of an ancient creature or object, even if you have never encountered it before.\n     Investigation (DC 45): By examining a room, you are able to determine exactly many how many creatures were in the area within the last 24 hours. You learn the creatures’ types, sizes, and actions they took while within the room.\n     Investigation (DC 50): You can perfectly reconstruct a crime scene based on vague descriptions.\n     Nature (DC 45): You create a new true breeding species of plant within a single generation of crossbreeding.\n     Nature (DC 50): You discover the exact location of extraordinarily valuable natural resources within an environment you are exploring.\n     Religion (DC 45): You found a religion or cult that is guaranteed to attract a significant following.\n     Religion (DC 60): You learn the secret desires and motivations of a deity to which you have spoken directly.\n   Wisdom Ability Checks:\n     Animal Handling (DC 35): You influence an infant animal to imprint on you, causing it to forever believe you are its parental figure responsible for its wellbeing and safety.\n     Animal Handling (DC 45): You perfectly train an animal within minutes regardless of species or intelligence, allowing you to command its every action with nonverbal cues.\n     Insight (DC 40): You can tell when a creature is being manipulated, deceived, or otherwise convinced to act in a manner inconsistent with its normal behavior.\n     Insight (DC 50): You sense you are watched, whether by hidden creatures or by magic.\n     Medicine (DC 35): You learn the exact properties of features, weapons, or spells by examining the wounds inflicted by them.\n     Medicine (DC 45): You develop an inexpensive, mass-producible cure for a virulent and deadly disease.\n     Perception (DC 45): You can touch a creature and determine whether it has taken the shape of a form other than its natural one.\n     Perception (DC 50): You can read a book held by someone else by the reflection of the pages in their eyes.\n     Survival (DC 40): By exploring its territory, you learn the exact properties, lair actions, and regional affects produced by powerful creatures.\n     Survival (DC 45): You scrounge up a hearty feast from a barren wasteland in hell.\n   Charisma Ability Checks:\n     Deception (DC 45): You deceive an assembled crowd, convincing them to make you their king as your (nonexistent) birthright, and relation to a distant ancestor of their former monarch.\n     Deception (DC 60): You convince the dragon whose hoard you were stealing that you and your companions are part of the \"hoard insurance commission\" here to offer legal protection for its valuables.\n     Intimidation (DC 40): You terrify the prison warden, demanding that he release you immediately, return all your belongings, and obtain handwritten apologies to you from every guard. Oh, and you’ll need him to hand over that hat he’s wearing.\n     Intimidation (DC 70): With an angry glare, you can silence an overtalkative god.\n     Performance (DC 40): You play three instruments at once.\n     Performance (DC 45): You improvise a symphony, conducting an entire orchestra without any of sheet music or preparation.\n     Persuasion (DC 45): You convince a demon to turn over a new leaf and embark on a life of goodness and compassion. It may not be very good a playing nice, but at least it’s trying.\n     Persuasion (DC 50): You inspire an entire generation of commoners to become adventurers from a single motivational speech.",
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 6",
		source : [["ELCR", 18], ["ELHH", 26]],
		popupName : "Epic Trials",
		note : "\n   Rageborn Trial: I must undergo a fearsome trial that only a barbarian could complete, spending a year and a day in a continuous rage. During this time, I can neither sleep nor rest as my days are consumed with blind, unending fury. Eventually, this anger reaches its climax in a tremendous primal act. This typically takes the form of a great feat of strength, such as splitting a mountain with a single blow, lifting an impossibly heavy object, or defeating a mighty beast in a wrestling match. Once completed, this act teaches me the true potential of my anger, unlocking the potential for limitless strength.\n   Grand Recitation Trial: Before I can command reality itself with truespeech, I must first discover my own truename. A truename is a vast cosmological puzzle that is extraordinarily difficult to solve for one who is not a master of truespeech. Finding my truename is unearthing the fundamental truth about myself, the nature of my existence, and my role in the universe. To accomplish this task, I must journey across the multiverse, combing through forgotten libraries, unearthing hidden knowledge, and experiencing all life has to offer. As I learn more about truespeech and myself, the syllables of my truename become evident to me. After a year and a day of tireless research, I'm able to flawlessly pronounce my truename and are recognized as a worthy wielder of this primordial language.\n   Relic of Divinity Trail: To accompany me on the long road to divine ascension, I must acquire a sacred icon of my faith. This icon is almost always an object of great significance or value to my religious order. For some ascendants, this could be a token once held by their deity when the gods were mortal. For others, it may be a magical item of tremendous power, such as an artifact or relic. No matter what form the object takes, it must be extraordinarily difficult to acquire, often involving challenging adventures, powerful magic, and adversarial forces of great power. Once I have overcome these obstacles and acquired the object, I must sanctify it as a holy relic through which I can channel nearly limitless divine power. The entire process should take at least a year and a day, the end of which culminates with me taking up the divine relic as my new holy symbol.\n   Voice of the Wild Trial: Lesser druids can but dream of attaining the wisdom of a primordial. To unlock such potential for myself, I must hear the voice of the natural world speak to me in the language of beasts, plants, stone, and water. This ability is not magical, supernatural, or even spiritual. It is the ability to listen to the rustling of leaves and hear the conversation of the trees, to contemplate the rushing of water and know the will of the river. To achieve this level of understanding, you must spend at least a year and day in absolute solitude and silence, away from any artificial or manufactured object. During this time, I listen to the natural world around me and learn. As each day passes, my understanding grows, allowing me to sense the many wills, forces, and conflicts present in nature wherever I go. At the end of this period, I understand my existence to be a symbiotic bond with the world around me on a primal level, allowing me to unlock the awesome powers of a primordial.\n   Ceaseless Battle Trial: Dreadnoughts live and breathe combat. They are most comfortable on the battlefield, only satisfied when their enemies are slain, and are overjoyed by the sounds of war. To achieve this dedication and affinity for battle, I must live a life of brutal violence that pushes me to my absolute limit. Such an act typically involves spending a year and a day engaging in constant battle in some great conflict. Each day I arise to draw blood from my enemies and do not rest until victory is achieved. I must find a suitable conflict to participate in to complete this trial, such as scoring endless victories as a gladiator in a vicious fighting pit or joining the hosts of heaven in their crusades against the forces of evil. Regardless of what conflict I participate in, I must fight in a way that puts my skills to the test.\n   Enlightened Soul Trial: A monk wishing to become an enlightened fist must complete a grueling test of body and spirit. I must seek out a place of meditation that is in harmony with my alignment, background, and other aspects of my character. Such a place may be an ancient temple of an evil god, a field of frozen flowers upon an icy mountain top, or a lake of fire on an elemental plane. Once there, I can begin to contemplate the complex nature of my ki and my purpose in wielding it. Will it be a weapon to shatter evil, or a tool to subjugate the world around me? As I contemplate your existence, I begin to master your ki on every physical level. Each breath I take flows with mystical energy and my heartbeats resound with power. After a year and a day of this process, I emerge with a clarity of purpose others are incapable of understanding as an enlightened fist.\n   For the Cause Trial: I’ve had enough of the relentless forces that oppose my ideals. Every demon I strike down inevitably returns, every tree I plant is inevitably cut down. Becoming a crusader means making a change in the fundamental ways of the world and me must begin planning for this herculean act immediately. Setting out to change the universe is not something one does lightly. My crusade must be one of virtue, efficacy, and power. A worthy crusader may seek to free the multiverse from the tyranny of government, safeguard all of nature against industrialized technology, or slay an archdevil on its home plane. Readying myself for this new lifestyle takes time as I expand my divine power, acquire powerful magic, and recruit allies, in a process that takes at least a year and a day.\n   The Great Hunt Trial: Many a powerful ranger knows that not every enemy can be defeated. Some creatures are just too powerful, some are too hard to find, or the cost of facing them is too great. I scoff at this notion. Where others lack the drive and commitment to face such foes, I rise up and embark upon a great hunt. This trial is a legendary act for the sake of self-improvement. There may be no city to save, treasure to find, or glory to be won. All that matters to me is the challenge. On the course of this hunt, I must find my passion that will propel me to fight like never before. I may discover a race of beings that redefines my presumptions of power, able to show me my true potential. Perhaps my hunt leads you the lair of a titanic dragon that will someday awaken, inspiring me to train like never before so that I can face it when that day comes. Whatever I find on my great hunt, the process is a grueling odyssey as I journey across worlds in search of the next great adventure. For most rangers, this takes at least a year and a day to accomplish. Upon its completion, I emerge as a slayer prepared to face almost any foe.\n   The Great Game Trial: To become a grifter, I must be able to escape from any catastrophic disaster, outwit any foe, and pierce any defense. To do so with pure martial skill is the way of unsophisticated brutes. I will find another way. All the world is a game, with a given set of rules about what is and is not possible. Some of these laws can be bent. Others can be broken. I must face down the impossible with nothing but my wits and emerge victorious. This trial always takes the form of a seemingly impossible challenge; escaping from an imprisonment spell without the aid of magic, stealing a god’s bed pillow, or convincing a demon to live a life of generosity and peace are all examples of the absurd difficulty of such a task. If I wish to survive long enough in the realms of epic power on my roguish talents, I must seek out such a challenge that forces me to bend the rules of what rational minds believe is possible. Finding and completing such a challenge is no small effort. It takes at least a year and a day to master the techniques necessary to bend the rules of the situation toward the realm of possibility, and many rogues take far longer. Others may doubt, disbelieve, or scoff at my achievement, but at the end of the day I'm living testament to what can be accomplished with unrivaled cunning as a deadly and devious grifter.\n   Metamorphosis Trial: Becoming an archon requires a change on a physical level to accommodate the extreme amounts of magic contained with my body. To achieve this state, I must magically evolve a special organ called an arcane appendix, which helps me process the power safely. Developing this organ is extremely difficult, requiring me to commit all my power toward its creation for a period of a year and a day. How this process is accomplished varies from sorcerer to sorcerer. Some may immerse themselves in powerfully magical locations whose latent power can augment their bodies. Others may subject themselves to powerful transmutation effects over an extended period of time. Whatever the process, the result is a being with the discipline and anatomy to advance as an archon.\n   Renegotiate Trial: Most \"typical\" warlock patrons will not let their servants become overlords willingly. The strain of providing a warlock with epic power is tremendous and potentially damaging to the patron’s very existence. In order to gain this level of favor from a patron, most warlocks must renegotiate their relationships to instead force their patrons to surrender the power and magic the warlocks crave. To successfully renegotiate with my patron, I must pour over legal texts, magical rituals, and other documents on pacts and bonds with otherworldly beings, searching desperately for a loophole or exploit through which I can gain advantage. Once this tactic has been found, I can begin manipulating my patron in favor of this new arrangement, eventually achieving a relationship through which I can draw fourth Epic levels of power. The difficulty of this task may depend on the nature of my relationship with my patron when you begin this process, but the precision required and general difficulty of the task demands that this process take at least a year and a day to achieve a foolproof renegotiation of my contract.\n   Arcane Sanctum Trial: The pursuit of arcane supremacy begins with an ideal location to conduct my research and magical experiments. I must establish such a place and fortify it against intrusion. Known as an arcane sanctum, this structure can be located on any world, as long as I find a way to maintain isolation and focus on my work. Once I have created my sanctuary, I must then commit myself to a year and a day of uninterrupted research, exploring every aspect of the arcane arts. Such an endeavor requires copious amounts of resources: books of hidden techniques, lore on ancient magic, spell scrolls, and powerful magical items. After a year and a day, I discover the techniques required to pull on the threads of Epic magic, weaving them together to form spells of incredible power.",
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 7",
		source : [["ELCR", 87], ["ELHH", 118]],
		popupName : "Epic Skills",
		note : "\nThere exist skills that require such a high base level of ability that Non-Epic characters could never achieve proficiency in them. These Epic skills are legendarily powerful, practiced only by the mightiest of beings. Because of the significance of Epic skills in both power and story, they can only be made available to Epic characters by a DM. Through mystical tomes of knowledge, via hidden gurus who teach worthy students, or as a gift from the gods are all good ways to introduce these skills to Epic characters. Alternatively, in lieu of gaining an Epic feat, characters may instead choose to become proficient in an Epic skill if they have access to the appropriate training. The following examples are provided to serve as a template to aid a DM in creating Epic skills.\n   Lucid Dreaming (Wisdom): In some planar cosmologies, the realm of dreams is a world of its own, visited each night by the ignorant minds of dreamers. Typically, acts committed on this plane have no real consequences for the dreaming. But to some of its most powerful denizens, the realm can be influenced through a skill known as Lucid Dreaming. Lucid Dreaming allows one's acts committed in the realm of dreams to have very real consequences for those visiting its dreamscapes. When I affect a creature in the realm of dreams (such as with an attack or spell) or are affected by an outside force within the realm of dreams, I may take a reaction attempt a Lucid Dreaming check. The DC of this check is determined by the DM, but generally the more powerful the effect the higher the DC. On a success, you can make the effect \"real,\" causing an affected creature's sleeping body to suffer or benefit from the effect. For example, gaining sustenance from a \"dream orange\" will have a fairly low DC, but receiving godlike power from a dream-forged deity will have a DC of ludicrous difficulty. Additionally, to influence the malleable landscape of the realm of my dreams or to influence the dreams of others, my DM may call for a Lucid Dreaming check when I'm not sure if I'm experiencing a dream.\n   Planar Manipulation (Intelligence): The planes were made by powerful forces, and with this skill I may exert my will to shape them according to my desires. This art requires precise and exact understanding of the nature of a plane, something I'm only able to accomplish through herculean acts of intelligence. Such influence allows me to alter inanimate matter, changing its composition, nature, and properties (including into wholly new materials of my own design). When I attempt to influence a section of a plane with this skill, my DM may call for an Planar Manipulation ability check. The DC of these checks is determined by the stability of a plane (the more stable the plane, the more difficult the manipulation) and the nature of what I'm attempting to manipulate. Each plane has a default DC (for example, the material plane’s default DC is 25), which must be determined by the DM and met by the ability check to accomplish the most basic acts with this skill. Because of the near-limitless potential of this skill, a table of suggested modifiers to the DC of an Planar Manipulation ability check are provided here. Use these ballpark modifiers to help set an appropriately difficult DC for whatever an Epic character may attempt to do.\n     Effect   Default DC Modifier\n     Affect a 5-ft. cube of material   +0\n     Affect a 20-ft. cube of material   +5\n     Affect a 100-ft. cube of material   +10\n     Affect a 1-mile cube of material   +15\n     Affect a continent of material   +20\n     Affect an entire plane   +50\n     Affect material within 20 ft. of you   +0\n     Affect material within 300 ft. of you   +5\n     Affect material within 1 mile of you   +10\n     Affect material within 10 miles of you   +15\n     Affect material of which you are aware that is on the same plane as you   +20\n     Affect a nonmagical material   +0\n     Affect a magical material   +10\n     Affect a material affected by a magical effect of 1st–3rd level   +5\n     Affect a material affected by a magical effect of 4th–6th level   +10\n     Affect a material affected by a magical effect of 7th–8th level   +15\n     Affect a material affected by a magical effect of 9th level   +20\n     Affect a material affected by a Tier 1 Epic magical effect   +50\n     Affect material at a rate of a 5-ft. cube per turn   +0\n     Affect material at a rate of a 20-ft. cube per turn   +5\n     Affect material at a rate of a 100-ft. cube per turn   +10\n     Affect material at a rate of a 1-mile cube per turn   +15\n     Increase or decrease the quality (value, usefulness, or rarity) of material by a small degree   +5\n     Increase or decrease the quality (value, usefulness, or rarity) of material by a reasonable degree   +10\n     Increase or decrease the quality (value, usefulness, or rarity) of material by a significant degree   +15\n     Increase or decrease the quality (value, usefulness, or rarity) of material by an extreme degree   +20\n     Increase or decrease the quality (value, usefulness, or rarity) of material by an absurd degree   +50",
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 8",
		source : [["ELCR", 88], ["ELHH", 120]],
		popupName : "Epic Languages",
		note : "\nBy the time most adventurers have achieved 5th level, understanding foreign languages is easy. Comprehend languages is a 1st-level spell, and can even be cast as a ritual! At Epic levels, it is highly unlikely that even the most obscure of languages will present a significant obstacle to your players—unless, of course, the dialects they were seeking to understand were Epic in nature. Epic languages—whether relics of ancient history, secret dialects used by the gods, or the malevolent tongue of evil itself—require far more than an understanding of syntax and forms to comprehend. These languages are never spoken as a common tongue and can be used to communicate with extraordinary beings or uncover hidden knowledge of Epic power. In a game of Epic Legacy, these languages serve as a unique storytelling tool that adds flavor and intrigue to a world, and are introduced at the DM's discretion. What an Epic character will do with proficiency in such a language is a cause of speculation, intrigue, and interest by powers across the planes. Learning an Epic language is arduous, requiring extensive study and practice. Characters with the necessary materials to learn an Epic language must meet its prerequisites in order to successfully add it to their languages known. The following language is provided as an example of the basic form of an Epic language.\n   Vitae:\n     Prerequisites: Epic, Constitution score of 20 or 20 ki points.\n     Developed by a race of plantlike beings that once tended the primordial groves of the first forests, speaking vitae involves a combination of rhythmic chants in sync with the manipulation of one's own life energy (or ki). When spoken properly, a speaker’s ki reverberates in beautiful waves, dancing to the rhythm of the chant. Communication through vitae takes three times as long as it would for an ordinary language, but speakers of vitae cannot tell lies nor conceal intentions.\n   Atharasil:\n     Prerequisites: Member of the atharan race, cannot worship or be a devoted follower of any deity.\n     The ancient language of the long-extinct atharan people, this language is communicated by moving the astral formations that cover an atharan's skin in complex and intricate patterns. This communicates a speaker's intent visually, but another creature must be able to see the \"speaker\" to understand them. Spells with a verbal component can be cast while \"speaking\" Atharasil, effectively removing the need for spoken words using that component.",
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 9",
		source : [["ELCR", 136], ["ELHH", 189]],
		popupName : "New Currency Table",
		note : [
			"Currency Type           Currency Worth (pp/mc/ac/sc/dc/smc)",
			"Platinum Pieces (pp)    1 pp / 1/10 mc / 1/50 ac / 1/100 sc / 1/1000 dc / 1/10000 smc",
			"Mithril Coins (mc)      10 pp / 1 mc / 1/5 ac / 1/10 sc / 1/100 dc / 1/1000 smc",
			"Adamantine Coins (ac)   50 pp / 5 mc / 1 ac / 1/2 sc / 1/20 dc / 1/200 smc",
			"Sapphire Coins (sc)     100 pp / 10 mc / 2 ac / 1 sc / 1/10 dc / 1/100 smc",
			"Diamond Coins (dc)      1,000 pp / 100 mc / 20 ac / 10 sc / 1 dc / 1/10 smc",
			"Starmetal Coins (smc)   10,000 pp / 1,000 mc / 200 ac / 100 sc / 10 dc / 1 smc"
		]
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 10",
		source : [["ELCR", 144], ["ELHH", 209]],
		popupName : "Epic Affix System",
		note : "\nEpic characters are well beyond the power of most creatures in a world full of danger and dragons. Encounters against such creatures are one-sided affairs that fail to provide a serious challenge. While such encounters are fun and have a place in a game of Epic Legacy, characters need to make tactical decisions, spend resources, and face a degree of risk in encounters. This can make finding the right monster for your encounter a challenging process. While you are encouraged to create devious monsters from scratch, writing a small book of unique Epic creatures is too much work for the average DM. Presented here is the Epic Affix System, a tool for filling your adventures with powerful monsters from across the worlds of 5th Edition. Epic affixes improve the statistics of a relatively harmless non-Epic creature to Epic proportions. This system can increase a creature’s offense, defense, or utility to fit the needs of your game. You apply Epic affixes to monsters when designing an encounter. The goal is to give a normally non-Epic creature the appropriate Epic challenge rating for the characters. You can apply as many affixes as you see fit, but be mindful you do not create a creature that exceeds the purpose of the encounter. To aid you in applying them effectively, each affix is broken down into components that allow for easy increases to the creature’s various abilities and stats incrementally. This helps measure how strong your improved monster is likely to be each time you adjust its statistics with an affix. Each Epic affix includes three sections: description, effect, and adjustment. Each affix has a description that tells you what the affix does, how it may be useful, and how its properties may affect a creature’s characteristics. Monsters benefiting from affixes differ from their \"normal\" form in more than just statistics. Descriptions like \"sharper claws\", \"unnatural speed\", and \"glowing, fiery eyes\" alert your players that these owlbears are going to be a bit more trouble than usual. Affixes are divided into one of three descriptive categories.\n   Brutality: These affixes are your monster’s tools of destruction. Useful for a wide variety of attacks and abilities, brutality affixes allow a monster’s preferred method of attack to be improved with ease. Standard 5th Edition monsters can certainly hit hard but may be missing the necessary attack bonus, damage type, or abilities to threaten your party.\n   Tenacity: These affixes increase your monsters’ staying power and defense, essential for increasing the longevity of an encounter. Whether they increase hit points, AC, or saving throws, well-chosen tenacity affixes can turn any monster into a serious problem. Few creatures can survive more than a round in battle with Epic characters without one or more of these affixes.\n   These affixes give your monsters more flexibility on the battlefield, making an otherwise bland encounter dynamic and tactical. Used to expand a creature’s tactical options, utility affixes can increase a monster’s movement, add additional abilities, or improve its action economy.",
	}, {
		name : "Epic Legacy Rules, Part 11",
		source : [["ELCR", 146], ["ELHH", 213]],
		popupName : "Epic Affix Descriptions",
		note : "\nBrutatlity Affixes:\n   Devastating (x3 Challenge Rating Multiplier): A creature with the Devastating affix delivers crushing blows that always deal significant damage. These creatures consistently wound their enemies and can be counted on to inflict huge amounts of damage should the encounter require it. Use this affix when you want to leave nothing to chance, ensuring your creature is always a threat on the battlefield. A creature with the Devastating affix gains the following property:\n     Devastating: When the creature rolls damage dice, it deals maximum damage with those dice.\n   Keen: A creature with the Keen affix is more likely to score vicious blows against a target it hits for extra damage. Because any attack that lands within a critical hit range is an automatic hit, remember that this affix increases a creature's chance to hit in addition to its damage. A creature with the Keen affix gains the following properties according to the affix’s level.\n     Keen I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature’s attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 18–20.\n     Keen II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature’s attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 16–20.\n     Keen III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature’s attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 14–20.\n     Keen IV (x4.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature's attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 12–20.\n     Keen V (x5.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature's attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 10–20.\n   Impact: The Impact affix increases all damage a creature deals from any of its attacks, spells, or effects, making even a simple blow a cause for concern. At your discretion, you can make this bonus damage a new damage type thematic to other changes you have made to your monster; otherwise it deals damage of the type the effect deals normally. (For example, creatures with a Primal Core affix that grants them fire immunity could gain a flavorful bonus fire damage to their spells and attacks with the Impact affix.) A creature with the Impact affix gains the following properties according to the affix’s level:\n     Impact I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per turn, when the creature deals damage, it can deal an additional 4d6 damage as a part of the damaging attack or effect.\n     Impact II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per turn, when the creature deals damage, it can deal an additional 8d6 damage as a part of the damaging attack or effect.\n     Impact III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per turn, when the creature deals damage, it can deal an additional 12d6 damage as a part of the damaging attack or effect.\n     Impact IV (x4.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per turn, when the creature deals damage, it can deal an additional 16d6 damage as a part of the damaging attack or effect.\n     Impact V (x5.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per turn, when the creature deals damage, it can deal an additional 20d6 damage as a part of the damaging attack or effect.\n   Multiattack: A common feature of monsters is the Multiattack action, allowing them to take multiple actions in a single turn. The Multiattack affix further improves upon this ability or introduces it to a monster that lacks such an ability. Creatures with this affix can use deadly attacks with greater frequency, becoming a whirlwind of death on the battlefield. A creature with the Multiattack affix gains the following properties according to the affix’s level:\n     Multiattack I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per round, the creature can make one additional attack from its available attacks when it takes an action that allows it to make an attack.\n     Multiattack II (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per round, the creature can make two additional attacks from its available attacks when it takes an action that allows it to make an attack.\n     Multiattack III (x5.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per round, the creature can make three additional attacks from its available attacks when it takes an action that allows it to make an attack.\n   Multispell: Many fantasy creatures are capable of great magic. Some of the fiercest among them can sling multiple spells in rapid succession, devastating their foes in a hail of magic and death. The Multispell affix makes this style of play possible or improves upon a creature's current spellcasting abilities. This affix is only effective when paired with monsters that can cast a significant number of spells (particularly cantrips), so make sure to consult a monster's spellcasting ability before applying this affix. A creature with the Multispell affix gains the following properties according to the affix's level:\n     Multicast I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per turn on its turn, when the creature casts a spell it may cast an additional spell of 3rd level or lower that it is able to cast as an action.\n     Multicast II (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per turn on its turn, when the creature casts a spell it may cast an additional spell of 6th level or lower that it is able to cast as an action.\n     Multicast III (x5.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Once per turn on its turn, when the creature casts a spell it may cast an additional spell of 9th level or lower that it is able to cast as an action.\n   Potent: A creature with the Potent affix has its natural or magical ability enhanced to be particularly difficult to resist. With their multitude of saving throw proficiencies and high stats, Epic characters can resist a creature’s abilities and effects. This affix prevents that from happening, turning negligible features into deadly abilities. A creature with the Potent affix gains the following properties according to the affix's level:\n     Potent I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The DCs of the creature’s abilities, traits, and other features increase by 2.\n     Potent II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The DCs of the creature’s abilities, traits, and other features increase by 4.\n     Potent III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The DCs of the creature’s abilities, traits, and other features increase by 6.\n     Potent IV (x4.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The DCs of the creature’s abilities, traits, and other features increase by 8.\n     Potent V (x5.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The DCs of the creature’s abilities, traits, and other features increase by 10.\n   Precision: It is all too likely that many monsters will need an improved attack bonus to have a prayer of hitting Epic characters. The Precision affix alleviates this problem, dramatically improving a creature’s attack bonus. Not all creatures rely heavily on their attacks to do damage, so when applying this affix it is prudent to consider if the attack is worth improving. Remember that some spells require attack rolls as a part of their casting, which also benefit from this affix. A creature with the Precision affix gains the following properties according to the affix's level:\n     Precision I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has a +5 bonus to hit on all attack rolls.\n     Precision II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has a +8 bonus to hit on all attack rolls.\n     Precision III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has a +11 bonus to hit on all attack rolls.\n   Wounding (x2 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Epic characters often have impressive healing and regenerative abilities, recovering from devastating wounds in a matter of seconds. To effectively combat a well-equipped party with a healer, your monsters may need to mitigate the effectiveness of that character. The Wounding affix causes the creature's damaging effects to have greater impact, preventing healing magic and abilities from functioning without additional effort. A creature with the Wounding affix gains the following property:\n     Wounding: When the creature deals damage, affected creatures have their hit point maximums reduced by an equivalent amount. This effect lasts until the damaged creature finishes a long rest or receives magical healing from a spell of 6th level or higher.\nTenacity Affixes:\n   Antimagic: Creatures with the Antimagic affix are extremely resilient to arcane energies. Epic spellcasters have magic that can destroy hosts of non-Epic creatures with a single cast. Not so with creatures possessing this affix, which can foil all but the most potent spellcasters. A creature with the Antimagic affix gains the following properties according to the affix's level:\n     Antimagic I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects.\n     Antimagic II (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has advantage on saving throws against spells and magical effects. Additionally, the creature has resistance to damage from spells and magical effects.\n     Antimagic III (x5.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is immune to non-Epic spells and magical effects and has Epic Advantage on saving throws against all other spells and magical effects. Additionally, the creature has resistance to damage from spells and magical effects.\n   Fortification: Creatures with the Fortification affix have exceptionally improved armor. Whether they are outfitted with godlike armaments or shockingly thick hides, fortified creatures present a challenging target for many martial characters and those that make attack rolls. A creature with the Fortification affix gains the following properties according to the affix's level:\n     Fortification I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature gains a +4 bonus to AC.\n     Fortification II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature gains a +7 bonus to AC.\n     Fortification III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature gains a +10 bonus to AC.\n   Hearty: Hearty creatures have increased vitality and health, granting them additional hit points. It is essential that creatures facing Epic characters have a significant hit point pool if they are to pose a reasonable challenge, as many spells and abilities (such as power word kill) can end an encounter with a single spell based on a creature’s hit point total. A creature with the Hearty affix gains the following properties according to the affix’s level:\n     Hearty I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature’s hit point maximum increases by 100.\n     Hearty II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature’s hit point maximum increases by 200.\n     Hearty III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature’s hit point maximum increases by 300.\n     Hearty IV (x4.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature’s hit point maximum increases by 400.\n     Hearty V (x5.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature's hit point maximum increases by 500.\n   Indomitable: Creatures with the Indomitable affix have improved resistance or immunity to conditions. Some Epic characters can cause paralysis, unconsciousness, or exhaustion with a single blow or word, trivializing encounters. When you select this affix, choose two of the following conditions: blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, grappled, incapacitated, invisible, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, restrained, stunned, or unconscious. This affix can be applied more than once. A creature with the Indomitable affix gains the following properties according to the affix’s level:\n     Indomitable I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has advantage on saving throws and ability checks against effects that cause or maintain the chosen conditions. If the chosen conditions would last for a set duration beyond 1 round, that duration is reduced to 1 round.\n     Indomitable II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): In addition to the benefits of Indomitable I, the creature is immune to the chosen conditions.\n   Invulnerability: Creatures with the Invulnerability affix have bodies that refuse to yield even against overwhelming force. This affix is one of the most powerful, effectively multiplying a creature’s hit points. Invulnerability is useful against characters who deal consistent, high damage that bypasses most defenses. A creature with the Invulnerability affix gains the following properties according to affix's level, which apply after resistances, immunities, and other damage reductions.\n     Invulnerability I (x2 Challenge Rating Multiplier): When the creature takes damage, it instead takes three-quarters of that damage (rounded down).\n     Invulnerability II (x4 Challenge Rating Multiplier): When the creature takes damage, it instead takes half damage (rounded down).\n     Invulnerability III (x6 Challenge Rating Multiplier): When the creature takes damage, it instead takes one-quarter of that damage (rounded down).\n   Ironguard: Creatures with the Ironguard affix are well protected from damage from weapons of certain materials or, in extreme cases, weapons without specific magical properties. This affix can prevent a dreadnought from using a favorite weapon, or protect against hordes of minions in a character’s service. A creature with the Ironguard affix gains the following properties according to the affix's level:\n     Ironguard I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is immune to bludgeoning, slashing, and piercing damage from non-magical attacks by weapons that are not made of a certain material (your choice).\n     Ironguard II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is immune to bludgeoning, slashing, and piercing damage from non-magical attacks.\n     Ironguard III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is immune to bludgeoning, slashing, and piercing damage from non-magical attacks and from magical weapons with a bonus to hit of +2 or lower.\n   Primal Core: A creature that contains one or more Primal Core affixes gains extraordinary immunity to certain types of damage. Monsters with a Primal Core affix select a single damage type from the following: acid, cold, fire, force, lightning, necrotic, poison, radiant, or thunder. This affix is useful against characters who favor certain damage types over others, and when pushed to extremes can even be used to turn that power against them. A creature with the Primal Core affix gains the following properties according to the affix's level:\n     Primal Core I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has resistance to damage of the chosen type.\n     Primal Core II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is immune to damage of the chosen type.\n     Primal Core III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): When the creature is subjected to damage from the chosen type, it instead takes no damage and regains a number of hit points equal to the damage it would have taken before factoring in resistance or immunities to that damage.\n   Resilience: Creatures with the Resilience affix have improved saving throws, making them strong against characters who rely heavily on saving throws. This affix is useful if your monster has few immunities to conditions or poor saving throw proficiencies, dramatically improving its defenses. A creature with the Resilience affix gains the following properties according to the affix's level:\n     Resilience I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has a +3 bonus to all saving throws.\n     Resilience II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has a +6 bonus to all saving throws.\n     Resilience III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has a +9 bonus to all saving throws.\n     Resilience IV (x4.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has a +12 bonus to all saving throws.\n     Resilience V (x5.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has a +15 bonus to all saving throws.\nUtility Affixes:\n   Alacrity: Creatures with the Alacrity affix take bonus actions that they previously could not. A feature or attack that required an action to use now requires a bonus action instead. The strength of this affix varies dramatically depending on what you improve, though as a rule you shouldn’t make a bonus action stronger than the creature’s action. This affix is useful for making the action economy of your creatures more efficient, allowing them to present greater and more cunning threats to characters. A creature with the Alacrity affix gains the following properties according to the affix's level:\n     Alacrity I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature can take a dash, disengage, dodge, or hide action as a bonus action.\n     Alacrity II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature can take a single action of your choice (other than the Multiattack action) as a bonus action instead.\n   Improved Spellcasting: Creatures with access to magic can be deadly enemies to Epic characters. But without improvements to their spells, such foes are likely to run out of fireballs long before the characters run out of hit points. The Improved Spellcasting affix is only for creatures with a Spellcasting trait and makes their sorcery more potent on the battlefield. In some cases, this affix can even grant creatures powerful Epic magic, a dire threat indeed. This affix is complicated to implement. You will need to potentially choose new spells for the creature to learn, which should be thematic to the creature and have synergy with its other abilities. A creature with the Improved Spellcasting affix gains the following properties according to the affix’s level:\n     Improved Spellcasting I (x2 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has six additional uses of non-Epic spells it knows, or has six additional spell slots whose total combined level cannot be greater than 18. Additionally, the creature can add three spells from any spell list to the list of spells it knows.\n     Improved Spellcasting II (x4 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has twelve additional uses of non-Epic spells it knows, or twelve additional spell slots whose total combined level cannot be greater than 36. Additionally, the creature can add six spells from any spell list to the list of spells it knows.\n     Improved Spellcasting III (x6 Challenge Rating Multiplier): In addition to the benefits of Improved Spellcasting II, the creature gains Epic magic and must pick one of the following options to add to its Spellcasting trait.\n       Innate Epic Magic: The creature can cast two Tier 1 Epic Spells of its choice, and can do so once per day for each spell.\n       Mastered Epic Magic: The creature has two Tier 1 Epic Spell slots. The creature learns three tier 1 Epic Spells from any spell list.\n     Improved Spellcasting IV (x9 Challenge Rating Multiplier): In addition to the benefits of Improved Spellcasting III, the creature improves either its Innate Epic Magic or its Mastered Epic Magic.\n       Innate Epic Magic: The creature can cast a Tier 1, Tier 2, and Tier 3 Epic Spell of its choice, and can do so once per day for each spell.\n       Mastered Epic Magic: The creature has one Tier 1, one Tier 2, and one Tier 3 Epic Spell slots, and can learn three Epic Spells from any spell list.\n   Mobility: Speed and mobility are essential tools in combat to gain advantage on opponents. This is equally true for both characters and monsters. Speedy characters under the effects of spells like haste or Epic monks can literally run circles around slower monsters. The Mobility affix can help prevent that from happening, allowing your monsters to chase cocky characters down with impunity. A creature with the Mobility affix gains the following properties according to the affix's level:\n     Mobility I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature’s speed increases by 30 feet for all modes of movement, and its speed cannot be reduced below half by non-Epic effects.\n     Mobility II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature's speed increases by 60 feet for all modes of movement and its speed cannot be reduced below half by non-Deific effects. Additionally, the creature ignores difficult terrain and can spend 5 feet of movement to escape nonmagical restraints or grapples.\n     Mobility III (x4.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature's speed increases by 90 feet for all modes of movement. Additionally, the creature can spend 5 feet of movement to end the grappled, prone, or restrained conditions and can move normally through non-Epic barriers that would prevent or inhibit movement. (For example, the creature can move normally through non-magical or magical walls, the forcecage spell, or similar effects.)\n   Paragon (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Even with Epic affixes, creatures are still vulnerable to the power of Epic characters. The most extreme powers will not afford non-Epic foes a chance to resist their effects, leading to wholesale massacres. The Paragon affix makes a non-Epic creature into an Epic creature for the purposes of determining effects of Epic abilities and can protect your creatures against player abilities that would ordinarily trivialize encounters.\n   Proficient: A creature with the Proficient affix is a master of specific skills, foiling sneaky grifters and beguiling truespeakers alike. When this affix is applied, you must choose three skills to benefit from the affix. This affix can be applied more than once, affecting three new skills each time it is applied. A creature with the Proficient affix gains the following properties according to the affix’s level:\n     Proficient I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is proficient in the chosen skills if it is not already and has a +5 bonus to ability checks made with those skills. The creature can attempt ability checks with the chosen skills as a bonus action instead of an action when applicable.\n     Proficient II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is proficient in the chosen skills if it is not already, has advantage on ability checks with those skills, and has a +10 bonus to ability checks made with those skills. The creature can attempt ability checks with the chosen skills as a bonus action instead of an action when applicable.\n     Proficient III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): In addition to the benefits of Proficient II, the creature always rolls 20 on ability checks with the chosen skills.\n   Rapid Recharge (x2 Challenge Rating Multiplier): Many of the most powerful monster abilities in 5th Edition must be recharged after use. If a creature has such an ability, a faster  recharge rate will dramatically improve its effectiveness in battle. When selecting the Rapid Recharge affix for a creature, choose a single feature it possesses that can be recharged on a d6 roll at the start of its turn. This affix can be applied more than once, affecting a new rechargeable ability each time. A creature with the Rapid Recharge affix gains the following property:\n     Rapid Recharge: The creature automatically recharges the chosen feature at the start of its turns.\n   Sharp Senses: Epic characters can be artfully sneaky, able to avoid the most vigilant guards with ease. If characters are able to slip past many of your encounters without much trouble, this affix will help your monsters catch them in the act. When you select the Sharp Senses affix for a creature, you must choose one sense from the following: blindsight, darkvision, tremorsense, or truesight. A creature with the Sharp Senses affix gains the following properties according to the affix’s level:\n     Sharp Senses I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has the chosen sense out to a range of 30 feet, or 60 feet if the sense is darkvision.\n     Sharp Senses II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has the chosen sense out to a range of 60 feet, or 120 feet if the sense is darkvision.\n     Sharp Senses III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature has the chosen sense out to a range of 120 feet, or 360 feet if the sense is darkvision.\n   Spellborn: A spellborn creature is imbued with magic, allowing it to perform actions and abilities as though it were always under the effects of a spell or magical effect. The potency of this affix depends heavily on the magical effects the creature is benefiting from and how well they synergize with its abilities. When you select this affix, you must choose a single spell with a duration greater than 1 round and a range of touch or self, with a spell level according to the level of the affix. Effects that would dispel magic only suppress the properties of this affix for 1 round, and this affix does not function in areas of antimagic. This affix can be taken more than once. A creature with the Spellborn affix gains the following properties according to the affix’s level:\n     Spellborn I (x1.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is always under the effects of a spell of 3rd level or lower.\n     Spellborn II (x2.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is always under the effects of a spell of 6th level or lower.\n     Spellborn III (x3.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is always under the effects of a spell of 9th level or lower.\n     Spellborn IV (x4.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is always under the effects of a Tier 1 Epic Spell.\n     Spellborn V (x6.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is always under the effects of a Tier 2 Epic Spell.\n     Spellborn VI (x8.5 Challenge Rating Multiplier): The creature is always under the effects of a Tier 3 Epic Spell.",
	}]
}

ClassList["ravager"] = {

	name : "Ravager",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*ravager).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 18],

	primaryAbility : "Strength",

	prereqs : "20th level Barbarian, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the Rageborn trial",

	die : 12,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Ravager") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Ravager") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Ravager starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : ["ELCR", 18],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"overpowering strikes" : {
			name : "Overpowering Strikes",
			source : ["ELCR", 18],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I make a weapon attack at advantage using Strength and score a hit, I can deal maximum damage with that attack.",
		},

		"pain fuel" : {
			name : "Pain Fuel",
			source : ["ELCR", 19],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I take an instance of damage from an enemy while raging, I gain 1 point of pain fuel for every 20 points of damage I took, rounded down. I lose any points of pain fuel I have when my rage ends or when I finish a short or long rest, whichever comes first. While I have 1 or more points of pain fuel, I gain the following benefits:\n   +1 bonus to Strength-based weapon attacks per point of pain fuel.\n   +1 bonus to Strength ability checks per point of pain fuel.\n   +1 bonus to Strength saving throws per point of pain fuel.",
		},

		"unleashed might" : {
			name : "Unleashed Might",
			source : ["ELCR", 19],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I can channel my pain fuel points into acts of legendary might called fury powers. These powers can only be used while I'm raging and if you have the necessary actions available to me. Each fury power has a pain fuel point cost in its description, indicating the required number of pain fuel points I lose after the fury power has been utilized. Every Ravager has access to all the fury powers detailed, though some gain additional fury powers according to their subclass as they advance.",
			extraname : "Fury Powers",
			extrachoices : ["Earthbreaker", "Obliterating Critical", "Pulverize", "Rage Regeneration", "Roar of the Ancients", "Sundering Throw", "Titanic Leap", "Instinctual Reflexes (prereq: Path of the Battlerager)"],
			extraTimes : 6,
			autoSelectExtrachoices : [{ extrachoice : ["earthbreaker", "obliterating critical", "pulverize", "rage regeneration", "roar of the ancients", "sundering throw", "titanic leap"] }],
			"earthbreaker" : {
				name : "Earthbreaker",
				description : "\n   " + "When I make a weapon attack, at the cost of 1 Pain Fuel Point, I choose to strike a space on the ground within reach or range, projecting a shockwave that tears buildings and enemies asunder. The space you target is the origin of the shockwave, which must be directed away from me (when applicable). I choose the form of the shockwave's area from the following options:\n   A 200-foot-long, 5-foot-wide line.\n   A 90-foot cone.\n   A 60-foot-radius area centered on the point of impact.\nCreatures in the affected area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or be knocked prone and take 2d10 points of bludgeoning damage per pain fuel point spent on this fury power. A successful saving throw halves the damage and prevents the prone condition. Objects and structures in the affected area take double damage from this effect.",
			},

			"obliterating critical" : {
				name : "Obliteriating Critical",
				description : "\n   " + "When I score a successful critical hit with a weapon attack, I may expend 1 or more points of pain fuel to deal an additional 20 damage per Pain Fuel Point expended. This bonus damage is the same type as the weapon attack. Enemies of flesh and blood slain by this bonus damage explode into giblets.",
			},

			"pulverize" : {
				name : "Pulverize",
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, at the cost of 5 Pain Fuel Points, I make a single weapon attack and automatically roll a 20 on the attack roll. The target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or be stunned until the start of its next turn, and is knocked prone. On a successful saving throw, the target is knocked prone but is not stunned.",
				action : ["action"]
			},

			"rage regeneration" : {
				name : "Rage Regeneration",
				description : "\n   " + "At the start of each of my turns, I use this fury power to channel channel my anger inward, accelerating my metabolism and natural healing ability. I regain 5 HP per Pain Fuel Point I spend on this fury power and may end one or more of the following conditions on myself: blinded, charmed, deafened, frightened, poisoned. If I'm paralyzed, petrified, or stunned when I use this fury power, I'm immune to those conditions for the remainder of that turn.",
			},

			"roar of the ancients" : {
				name : "Roar of the Ancients",
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, at the cost of 2 Pain Fuel Points, I release a primal roar heard for miles that fills me with relentless determination. Until the end of my turn, when I expend movement I may move through any terrain, obstacle, or magical obstruction without reducing my speed. If a spell effect such as a wall of stone would prevent my movement through or into a space, I may attempt a Athletics ability check versus the spell save DC of the caster or source, passing through unimpeded on a success. If a structure or object would prevent my movement through or into a space, I may choose to pass through or into that space, potentially damaging or destroying that section of the building or object in the process. At the DM’s discretion, buildings or objects made of exceptionally durable material (such as adamantine) may still prevent my movement or force you to attempt Athletics ability check in order to pass through them.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},

			"sundering throw" : {
				name : "Sundering Throw",
				description : "\n   " + "If I would make a weapon attack and are grappling a creature, holding an object, or wielding a weapon with the thrown property, I can instead use this fury power to make a ranged weapon attack with the grappled target or held object at the cost of 4 Pain Fuel Points. Grappled creatures and objects that are not weapons are considered improvised weapons. The range of this attack is 200 feet/400 feet or the range of the thrown weapon, whichever is greater. If the attack hits, it deals an additional 14d10 bludgeoning damage to both the target of the attack and the thrown creature or object.",
			},

			"titanic leap" : {
				name : "Titanic Leap",
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, at the cost of 3 Pain Fuel Points, I coil my legs and prepare a mighty leap. The next time I jump that turn, I may make both a long jump and high jump simultaneously, and the distance and height of your jump is increased by up to 150 feet (no movement expenditure required). I must still expend at least 10 feet of movement immediately before the jump to gain this benefit.",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},

			"instinctual reflexes (prereq: path of the battlerager)" : {
				name : "Instinctual Reflexes",
				description : "\n   " + "On each of my turns I may activate this fury power (no action required, at the cost of 1 Pain Fuel Point) to gain an additional bonus action that turn. I may use this fury power more than once per turn, provided I have enough points of pain fuel to do so. Unspent bonus actions generated by this fury power are lost at the end of my turn.",
			},
		},

		"bitter fury" : {
			name : "Bitter Fury",
			source : ["ELCR", 19],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "While I'm raging you gain the following properties:\n   When I miss a weapon attack against an enemy creature, I gain a single point of pain fuel. I cannot gain points of pain fuel from attacks that I intentionally miss.\n   When I fail a saving throw against an enemy creature, I gain a single point of pain fuel. I cannot gain points of pain fuel from saving throws I fail intentionally.",
		},

		"epic primal path" : {
			name : "Epic Primal Path",
			source : ["ELCR", 19],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "I combine my new epic might with the primal powers of my rage, granting me mighty improvements to my specialization. I gain the following features according to the primal path I selected when I was advancing as a Non-Epic Barbarian.",
			choices : ["Ancestral Guardian", "Battlerager", "Berserker", "Bonebreaker", "Storm Herald", "Totem Warrior", "Zealot"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"ancestral guardian" : {
				name : "Path of the Ancestral Guardian",
				description : "\n   " + "Whenever I use my reaction to protect my allies with my Spirit Shield subclass feature, I double the amount of damage reduced by that feature. If I do not reduce the damage dealt in this manner to zero, I regain the use of my reaction at the end of that turn.",
			},

			"battlerager" : {
				name : "Path of the Battlerager",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain a unique fury power that I can use by expending pain fuel: Instinctual Reflexes.",
				autoSelectExtrachoices : [{ extrachoice : "instinctual reflexes" }]
			},

			"berserker" : {
				name : "Path of the Berserker",
				description : "\n   " + "When I end a frenzy, I no longer gain a level of exhaustion. Additionally, when I make a successful attack using my Retaliation subclass feature, I regain the use of my reaction at the end of that turn.",
			},

			"bonebreaker" : {
				name : "Path of the Bonebreaker",
				description : "\n   " + "Enemies I have mutilated can be dispatched with ease. Creatures under the effects of my mutilations are vulnerable to damage dealt by me.",
			},

			"storm herald" : {
				name : "Path of the Storm Herald",
				description : "\n   " + "My Storm Aura subclass feature expands with my growing rage, increasing its range from 10 feet from me to 30 feet from me in every direction. Additionally, my Storm Aura gains a unique effect based on the environment I chose for it:\n   Desert: When a creature within my Storm Aura takes fire damage from me, it takes an additional 1d6 points of fire damage for each point of pain fuel I have. This effect cannot occur more than once per turn.\n   Sea: Creatures and objects of my choice within my Storm Aura are considered to be fully immersed in water for as long as they remain within the area, gaining benefits and suffering penalties accordingly.\n   Tundra: At the start of each of my turns, diamond-hard ice lines the body of creatures of my choice within my Storm Aura, granting an affected creature a +5 bonus to its armor class until the start of my next turn. This effect ends prematurely if an affected creature ends its turn outside of my Storm Aura.",
			},

			"totem warrior" : {
				name : "Path of the Totem Warrior",
				description : "\n   " + "I can perfectly imitate the sounds of a beast with which I share a totem spirit. In addition, I gain a totem spirit of a legendary Epic Beast of your choice from the following options:\n   Bear: When determining how much pain fuel I gain from taking damage, I gain an amount of pain fuel based on the damage I would have taken before any resistances or immunities to damage are applied.\n   Eagle: When I fall into a space containing another creature, I may choose to force any creatures occupying that space to attempt a Dexterity saving throw against my fury power save DC. On a failure, I take no fall damage, and the affected creatures take the fall damage I would have suffered. A successful saving throw halves the damage. Regardless of the result, I still land prone if I would have ordinarily done so from falling.\n   Elk: While I'm raging, when I hit a prone creature with a melee weapon attack, I score a critical hit.\n   Tiger: When I make a successful weapon attack, I may spend movement to increase the damage of the attack by 1d6 per 10 feet of movement spent.\n   Wolf: While I'm raging, if an ally within 120 feet of me that I can see takes 30 or more damage in a single instance from an enemy, I may use my reaction to generate 2 points of pain fuel.",
			},

			"zealot" : {
				name : "Path of the Zealot",
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my Zealous Presence subclass feature, I must finish a short or long rest before I can use it again. Additionally, when I'm a source of advantage on attack rolls or saving throws to myself or your allies, I gain and grant Epic Advantage on those attack rolls and saving throws instead.",
			},
		},

		"musclemind" : {
			name : "Musclemind",
			source : ["ELCR", 20],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "Once per round, when I would attempt an Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma saving throw, I can instead choose to attempt a Strength saving throw.",
		},

		"avatar of fury" : {
			name : "Avatar of Fury",
			source : ["ELCR", 20],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "If I'm raging when I start my turn, I gain 2 points of pain fuel.",
		},
	}
}

ClassList["ravager, revised"] = {

	name : "Ravager, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*ravager)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 26],

	primaryAbility : "Strength",

	prereqs : "20th level Barbarian, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the Rageborn trial",

	die : 12,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Ravager") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Ravager") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Ravager starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : ["ELHH", 26],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"overpowering strikes" : {
			name : "Overpowering Strikes",
			source : ["ELHH", 27],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I make a weapon attack at advantage using Strength and score a hit, I can deal maximum damage with that attack.",
		},

		"rancor" : {
			name : "Rancor",
			source : ["ELHH", 27],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "When I enter my rage via my Barbarian Rage feature, I may choose to transform that rage into a fearsome Epic Rage, which has all the benefits of standard rage in addition to those detailed in this feature. When I enter an Epic Rage, and at the start of each of my turns while you are raging, you gain one level of a special condition known as rancor. This condition is measured in six levels and lasts until either my Epic Rage ends or you begin a new one. I gain the benefits of my current level of rancor as well as all lower levels. If an Epic creature does not harm or deal damage to I for the duration of the Epic Rage, I cannot enter another Epic rage until you finish a short or long rest.",
			toNotesPage : [{
				name : "Rancor Level Table",
				source : ["ELHH", 27],
				popupName : "Rancor Level Table",
				note : [
					"Level   Effect",
					"1       The duration of my rage via my Barbarian Rage feature is increased to 10 minutes.",
					"2       I'm immune to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Epic creatures.",
					"3       The distance I may vertically or horizontally jump is infinite, so long as I have the movement to do so.",
					"4       If my carrying capacity is less than 1 million pounds, it is instead 1 million pounds.",
					"5       I'm immune to the unconscious and stunned conditions.",
					"6       On each of my turns, I may take an additional action. This action must be either the Attack or Dash action."
				]
			}],
		},

		"feats of strength" : {
			name : "Feats of Strength",
			source : ["ELHH", 27],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I invoke my titanic strength to perform acts of legendary might called Feats of Strength. I can perform Feats of Strength only while I'm raging and if I have the required levels of rancor available to me.",
			extraname : "Feats of Strength",
			extrachoices : ["Body Block", "Crush Magic", "Death Hug", "Demolishing Charge", "Earthbreaker", "Limit Breaker", "Obliterating Strike", "Pulverize", "Rage Regeneration", "Roar of the Ancients", "Titantic Throw"],
			extraTimes : 6,
			autoSelectExtrachoices : [{ extrachoice : ["body block", "crush magic", "death hug", "demolishing charge", "earthbreaker", "limit breaker", "obliterating strike", "pulverize", "rage regeneration", "roar of the ancients", "titantic throw"] }],
			"body block" : {
				name : "Body Block",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 5 levels of \"Rancor\".\nAs a reaction when me and a friendly creature within reach take damage other than psychic damage from an effect that affects an area (such as a cone, line, cylinder, cube, etc.), I may cause that creature to take no damage and instead I take the damage the target would have taken.",
			},

			"crush magic" : {
				name : "Crush Magic",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 5 levels of \"Rancor\".\nWhen I succeed on a saving throw against a spell or magical effect with a duration greater than instantaneous, I can choose to shatter it with my might. When I do so, I may attempt a Strength saving throw against the spell or effect’s save DC, ending it on a success.",
			},

			"death hug" : {
				name : "Death Hug",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 2 levels of \"Rancor\".\nWhen I successfully grapple another creature, I may choose to crush it with my titanic strength. The target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or be knocked unconscious for as long as I maintain the grapple. At the start of each of its turns, the target can repeat the saving throw, ending its unconsciousness on a success.",
			},

			"demolishing charge" : {
				name : "Demolishing Charge",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 3 levels of \"Rancor\".\nWhen I take the Dash action, I may surge forward with reckless abandon. When I do so, you gain 120 feet of movement but must move in a single straight line until the end of my turn. If this movement would be prevented by an unattended object or structure in your path, I deal 100 bludgeoning damage to it. If this damage is enough to create a hole large enough for me pass through, I may continue the movement; otherwise, my remaining movement is expended.",
			},

			"earthbreaker" : {
				name : "Earthbreaker",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 3 levels of \"Rancor\".\nWhen I make a weapon attack, I may choose to strike a space on the ground within reach or range, projecting a shock wave that tears buildings and enemies asunder. The space I target is the origin of the shock wave, which must be directed away from me (when applicable). I choose the form of the shock wave’s area from the following options:\n   A 200-foot-long, 5-foot-wide line.\n   A 90-foot cone.\n   A 60-foot-radius area centered on the point of impact.\nEach creature in the affected area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or be knocked prone and take 5d10 bludgeoning damage for each level of rancor I have. On a success, a creature takes half damage and isn’t knocked prone. Unattended objects and structures in the affected area take 10d10 bludgeoning damage for each level of rancor I have.",
			},

			"limit breaker" : {
				name : "Limit Breaker",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 6 levels of \"Rancor\".\nWhen my turn ends, I can choose to gain an additional turn this round. This second turn occurs atmy initiative count minus 10 (minimum of 1, losing initiative ties). At the end of that turn, my Epic rage immediately ends.",
			},

			"obliterating strike" : {
				name : "Obliterating Strike",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 1 or more levels of \"Rancor\".\nWhen I score a successful hit with a weapon attack, I may increase the damage of the attack by 15 for each level of rancor I have. This bonus damage is the same type as the weapon attack. Creatures slain by this attack explode into pieces.",
			},

			"pulverize" : {
				name : "Pulverize",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 3 levels of \"Rancor\".\nRequires 3 levels of \"Rancor\".\nWhen I make a weapon attack, I may choose to have the attack roll automatically roll a natural 20. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or be stunned until the start of its next turn.",
			},

			"rage regeneration" : {
				name : "Rage Regeneration",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 1 or more levels of \"Rancor\".\nWhen I take a bonus action, I can channel my anger inward, accelerating my metabolism and natural healing ability. I gain 2d10 temporary HP for each level of rancor I have. This form of temporary HP last until my rage ends. Additionally, I may end one or more of the following conditions on myself: blinded, charmed, deafened, frightened, and poisoned.",
			},

			"roar of the ancients" : {
				name : "Roar of the Ancients",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 2 levels of \"Rancor\".\nWhen I attempt a saving throw other than a Strength saving throw, I may choose to utter a primal scream of fury, even if I'm unconscious or incapacitated. When I do so, I instead roll a Strength saving throw (the save DC remains the same).",
			},

			"titanic throw" : {
				name : "Titanic Throw",
				description : "\n   " + "Requires 2 levels of \"Rancor\".\nIf I would make a weapon attack and are grappling a creature, holding an object, or wielding a weapon with the thrown property, I can instead make a ranged weapon attack with the grappled target or held object. Grappled creatures and objects that are not weapons are considered improvised weapons. The range of this attack is 200 feet/400 feet or the range of the thrown weapon, whichever is greater. If the attack hits, it deals an additional 14d10 bludgeoning damage to both the target of the attack and the thrown creature or object.",
			},
		},

		"explosive rage" : {
			name : "Explosive Rage",
			source : ["ELHH", 28],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "When I enter an Epic Rage as per my \"Rancor\" feature, I can choose to do so explosively. When I do so, I immediately gain three or six levels of rancor. If I use this feature to gain three levels of rancor, I must finish a short rest before I can use it again. If I use this feature to gain six levels of rancor, I must finish a long rest before I can use it again.",
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "short rest",
		},

		"epic primal path" : {
			name : "Epic Primal Path",
			source : ["ELCR", 19],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "I combine my new epic might with the primal powers of my rage, granting me mighty improvements to my specialization. I gain the following features according to the primal path I selected when I was advancing as a Non-Epic Barbarian.",
			choices : ["Ancestral Guardian", "Battlerager", "Beast", "Berserker", "Bonebreaker", "Storm Herald", "Totem Warrior", "Wild Magic", "Zealot"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"ancestral guardian" : {
				name : "Path of the Ancestral Guardian",
				description : "\n   " + "When I use a reaction via my subclass features to reduce the damage a creature takes while I'm in an Epic Rage, I increase the damage reduced by 8d6 for each level of rancor I have.",
			},

			"battlerager" : {
				name : "Path of the Battlerager",
				description : "\n   " + "While I'm wearing armor and benefiting from an Epic Rage via my \"Rancor\" feature, I gain the following benefits for its duration:\n   I gain a bonus to my AC equal to my levels of rancor.\n   I increase the damage dealt via my subclass features by 5 for each level of rancor I have.\n   I gain immunity to a non-Epic damage type of my choice.",
			},

			"beast" : {
				name : "Path of the Beast",
				description : "\n   " + "When I enter an Epic rage via my \"Rancor\" feature, I can choose to transform into a wild lycanthropic beast, granting me the following benefits for the rage's duration:\n   My size category increases by one, to a maximum of Gargantuan.\n   I may perform two Feats of Strength each round instead of one.\n   I can instinctively sense whether a creature I can perceive with my senses is more or less powerful than me (determined by the DM).\Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a long rest.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
			},

			"berserker" : {
				name : "Path of the Berserker",
				description : "\n   " + "When I end a frenzy, I no longer gain a level of exhaustion. Additionally, as a reaction when I'm reduced to below half my HP maximum while in an Epic Rage, I may enter a bloodlust. The bloodlust grants me the following benefits for the duration of the rage:\n   When I take the Attack action, I may make three weapon attacks instead of two.\n   My base movement speed increases by 20 feet.\n   My melee weapon attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 19 or 20.\nOnce I use this feature, I must finish a long rest before I can use it again.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
			},

			"bonebreaker" : {
				name : "Path of the Bonebreaker",
				description : "\n   " + "Creatures under the effects of my mutilations are vulnerable to all types of damage dealt by me.",
			},

			"storm herald" : {
				name : "Path of the Storm Herald",
				description : "\n   " + "When I create the magical aura granted by my subclass features while in an Epic Rage via my \"Rancor\" feature, I may increase the aura’s radius to 300 feet. Additionally, my magical aura gains one of the following benefits according to which option I selected while advancing as a barbarian.\n   Desert: When a creature within my aura takes fire damage from me, I may choose for it to take an additional 5d6 points of fire damage for each level of rancor I have. This effect cannot occur more than once per turn.\n   Sea: Creatures and objects of my choice within my aura are considered to be fully immersed in water for as long as they remain within the area, gaining benefits and suffering penalties according to the 5th Edition core rules.\n   Tundra: At the start of each of my turns, diamond-hard ice forms on the bodies of creatures of my choice within my aura, granting affected creatures a +3 bonus to their AC until the start of my next turn. This effect ends prematurely if an affected creature ends its turn outside of my aura.",
			},

			"totem warrior" : {
				name : "Path of the Totem Warrior",
				description : "\n   " + "I can perfectly imitate the sounds of a beast with which I share a totem spirit. In addition, I gain a totem spirit of a legendary beast of my choice from the following options:\n   Bear: While I'm touching the ground, as a reaction when I would be pushed, pulled, thrown, or magically teleported, I may be immune to that effect until the start of my next turn.\n   Eagle: While I'm in an Epic rage via my \"Rancor\" feature, I gain a flying speed equal to my base walking speed.\n   Elk: My base walking speed is increased by 30 feet.\n   Tiger: When I make a successful weapon attack on my turn, I may expend my movement to increase the damage of the attack by 1d6 for every 10 feet of movement expended.\n   Wolf: My sense of smell becomes incredibly keen, granting me blindsight out to a range of 30 feet. If I lose my sense of smell, I lose this sense until it returns.",
			},

			"wild magic" : {
				name : "Path of Wild Magic",
				description : "\n   " + "When I enter an Epic Rage via my \"Rancor\" feature or gain a level of rancor, the chaotic power of magic surges through me, granting you a special d8 known as a mayhem die. Whenever I would roll dice using one of your subclass features, I can choose to replace those dice with any number of mayhem dice I possess, up to a maximum of ten mayhem dice. Additionally, when I roll a mayhem die and roll an 8, I may roll an additional mayhem die and add it to the result. This effect is cumulative, even if it would cause the effect to surpass ten mayhem dice.",
			},

			"zealot" : {
				name : "Path of the Zealot",
				description : "\n   " + "While I'm raging and deal bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing damage, I can choose to instead deal righteous or vile damage.",
			},
		},

		"flash of ferocity" : {
			name : "Flash of Ferocity",
			source : ["ELHH", 29],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "When I roll initiative, I can choose to immediately enter a rage (no action required) via my Barbarian Rage feature.",
		},

		"infinite might" : {
			name : "Infinite Might",
			source : ["ELHH", 29],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "At the start of each of my turns, if I have six or more levels of rancor and took damage from or attempted a saving throw against an enemy mythic creature during my previous turn, I may gain more than six levels of rancor.",
		},
	}
}

ClassList["truespeaker"] = {

	name : "Truespeaker",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*truespeaker).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 21],

	primaryAbility : "Charisma",

	prereqs : "20th level Bard, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the Grand Recitation trial",

	die : 8,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Truespeaker") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Truespeaker") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Truespeaker starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 22], ["ELHH", 32]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"truespeaking" : {
			name : "Truespeaking",
			source : [["ELCR", 22], ["ELHH", 32]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "Many of my bard and truespeaker class features will allow me to make Charisma (Truespeech) ability checks as a part of using those features. While truespeech is extraordinarily powerful, it cannot be used without consequence. Using truespeech conflicts with the natural order of the multiverse, which continually attempts to reassert itself. This manifests as a negative force that builds inside me called \"entropy\". My pool of entropy starts at 0 and resets each time I finish a long rest. Unless otherwise stated, each time I use a feature that requires truespeech, I must attempt a Truespeech ability check and generate entropy, which I add to my entropy pool. The DC of my Truespeech ability checks is calculated as follows:\n   Truespeech ability check DC = 10 + my entropy pool count\n   Truespeech ability check = 1d20 + my proficiency bonus + my Charisma modifier\nThe specific effects of a successful or failed Truespeech ability check are detailed in each feature’s description. Effects produced by truespeech are dictations about the nature of the universe and have the following properties in addition to their listed properties.\n   Spells and magical effects augmented or produced by truespeech are considered Epic magic for the purposes of countering or dispelling their effects.\n   Attempts to magically prevent truespeech from being spoken automatically fail (such as from a silence spell).",
		},

		"truespell recitation" : {
			name : "Truespell Recitation",
			source : ["ELCR", 23],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell of 8th level or lower with a verbal component, I can attempt a Truespeech ability check as a part of speaking that spell’s verbal component. On a success, I do not expend a spell slot to cast that spell but increase my entropy pool by half the spell’s level, rounded down (minimum of 1).",
		},

		"truesong lexicon" : {
			name : "Truesong Lexicon",
			source : [["ELCR", 23], ["ELHH", 33]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "My mastery over truespeech has progressed to the point that you can sing the words of power. The harmonies, melodies, and themes of these \"masterpieces\" unleash incredible magic through truespeech. I may select two masterpieces from the Truespeech Masterpieces list to have memorized, and I learn additional masterpieces as you advance as a truespeaker. Performing a masterpiece is similar to casting a spell. Each has a casting time, range, duration, and listed effects detailed in its description. Each masterpiece generates an amount of entropy when performed, also detailed in its description. This amount is immediately added to my entropy pool if the performance of the masterpiece is successful. I must be physically able to attempt a Truespeech ability check as a part of performing a masterpiece, or the effect fails. When performing a masterpiece, you must attempt a Truespeech ability check. Normally, a masterpiece increases my entropy after it is performed. However, when performing a masterpiece, I may choose to flourish it (as detailed in its description) for an improved effect on that masterpiece. Doing so increases my entropy and my ability check DC by the amount detailed on the masterpiece before I make the Truespeech ability check to cast it, rather than after. If you fail my Truespeech ability check when attempting to perform a masterpiece, the partial effect occurs as I fumble the intricate melodies and forms. This failed performance alters the effects of the masterpiece and reduces its power for the duration. A masterpiece that is only partially performed in this manner does not increase my entropy. Performed masterpieces have the following properties in addition to those detailed in their descriptions:\n   Masterpiece save DCs use your spell save DC when applicable.\n   I cannot flourish a masterpiece more than once per performance.\n   Masterpieces are Epic magical effects.\n   If a masterpiece has a duration longer than Instantaneous, I must be able to vocalize for the entire duration to maintain its effects. If I become physically unable to speak over the duration of the masterpiece, the effect ends immediately. I can choose to end a masterpiece early by ending my vocalization at no action cost. I cannot perform another masterpiece or cast spells that require a verbal component while vocalizing on a masterpiece.",
			spellcastingBonus : {

				name : "Truesong Lexicon",

				spells : ["anthem of thunderous pain", "cacophony of shattering hearts", "counterchant", "dirge of the lost legion", "doomcaller's madrigal", "harmony of living hope", "martyr's requiem", "melody of the synchronized mind", "nocturne of infecting fear", "note of fortitude", "om of timelessness", "symphony of cosmic fire", "un-naming silence"],

				times : [0, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6],

				prepared : true,

				atwill : true,
			},
		},

		"inspired truespeech" : {
			name : "Inspired Truespeech",
			source : ["ELCR", 23],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "When one of my Bardic Inspiration dice is rolled, it may instead be rolled twice and I choose which result to use.",
		},

		"epic bard college" : {
			name : "Epic Bard College",
			source : [["ELCR", 23], ["ELHH", 33]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "I distinguish myself as a champion of everything my bard college stands for. The pinnacle of my achievement is the composition of a masterpiece that only truespeakers from that organization can perform, as well as powerful new techniques of truespeech to augment my abilities. I gain the following features according to the bard college I selected when I was advancing as a bard.",
			choices : ["Creation", "Eloquence", "Entropy", "Glamour", "Glamour (Revised)", "Lore", "Lore (Revised)", "Spirits", "Swords", "Valor", "Whispers"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"creation" : {
				name : "College of Creation",
				description : "\n   " + "When I create an item via my subclass features, I may choose to gain a number of entropy dice to instead create a magic item I have touched before of legendary quality or lower, the quantity of which is determined by the rarity of the item as shown on the College of Creation Items by Rarity table. These entropy dice cannot be lost so long as magic items created in this manner exist.\n   Entropy Dice Gained   Rarity\n   1                     Common\n   2                     Uncommon\n   3                     Rare\n   4                     Very Rare\n   5                     Legendary\nAdditionally, I learn the masterpiece rhythm of the forge, which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Creation)",

					spells : ["rhythm of the forge"],

					selection : ["rhythm of the forge"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"eloquence" : {
				name : "College of Eloquence",
				description : "\n   " + "When I would gain entropy dice from your truespeaker features or masterpieces, I gain one fewer die than I normally would, to a minimum of one entropy die. Additionally, I learn the masterpiece timeless epic, which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Eloquence)",

					spells : ["timeless epic"],

					selection : ["timeless epic"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"entropy" : {
				name : "College of Entropy",
				description : "\n   " + "While I'm concentrating on my Dirge of Entropy subclass feature, I'm no longer prevented from communicating verbally or producing effects with verbal components. Additionally, I learn the masterpiece grand finale, which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Entropy)",

					spells : ["grand finale"],

					selection : ["grand finale"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"glamour" : {
				name : "College of Glamour",
				description : "\n   " + "When a creature that can see me starts its turn and I'm not incapacitated, that creature has Epic Disadvantage on Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws against me. Unless surprised, a hostile creature can avert its eyes to avoid this effect until the start of its next turn. If the creature does so, it is considered blinded against me. If the creature looks at me in the meantime, it immediately suffers the effect. Additionally, I learn the masterpiece sonnet of riotous illumination which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Glamour)",

					spells : ["sonnet of riotous illumination"],

					selection : ["sonnet of riotous illumination"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"glamour (revised)" : {
				name : "College of Glamour (Revised)",
				description : "\n   " + "Creatures within 30 feet of me that can perceive me with a sense have Epic Disadvantage on Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws against me. Additionally, I learn the masterpiece sonnet of riotous illumination which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Glamour)",

					spells : ["sonnet of riotous illumination"],

					selection : ["sonnet of riotous illumination"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"lore" : {
				name : "College of Lore",
				description : "\n   " + "When I attempt an ability check in which you are proficient, you may instead attempt a Truespeech ability check. Regardless of the outcome of the ability check, my entropy pool increases by 1. Additionally, I learn the masterpiece aria of arcane power, which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Lore)",

					spells : ["aria of arcane power"],

					selection : ["aria of arcane power"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"lore (revised)" : {
				name : "College of Lore (Revised)",
				description : "\n   " + "I have Epic advantage on ability checks made using truespeaker features, and my proficiency bonus is doubled for any ability check I make using truespeaker features. Additionally, I learn the masterpiece aria of arcane power, which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Lore)",

					spells : ["aria of arcane power"],

					selection : ["aria of arcane power"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"spirits" : {
				name : "College of Spirits",
				description : "\n   " + "When I would roll my Bardic Inspiration dice via my subclass features, I may also roll your entropy dice and add the total to the result. Additionally, I learn the masterpiece lamentation of the lost, which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Spirits)",

					spells : ["lamentation of the lost"],

					selection : ["lamentation of the lost"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"swords" : {
				name : "College of Swords",
				description : "\n   " + "When I make a successful weapon attack against an enemy creature and exceed the target’s AC by 5 or more, I immediately gain a Bardic Inspiration die, up to my maximum. Additionally, I learn the masterpiece iamir's waltz of one thousand cuts, which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Swords)",

					spells : ["iamir's waltz of one thousand cuts"],

					selection : ["iamir's waltz of one thousand cuts"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"valor" : {
				name : "College of Valor",
				description : "\n   " + "When a creature that has one of my unexpended Bardic Inspiration dice takes the Attack action, it may make an additional weapon attack as a part of that action. Additionally, I learn the masterpiece cry of war unending, which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Valor)",

					spells : ["cry of war unending"],

					selection : ["cry of war unending"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"whispers" : {
				name : "College of Whispers",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell, I may attempt a Deception check as a part of casting that spell. Creatures observing me can attempt a Perception ability check as a reaction to see through my deception with a DC equal to the result of your Deception check. To creatures that do not see through my deception, I make it appear as though I'm taking a different action than casting a spell, or acting in a manner that arouses suspicion. Creatures witnessing the spell’s effect are unable to determine the source of the magic, potentially preventing them from becoming hostile in response to being affected by the spell. Additionally, I learn the masterpiece whispers of oblivion, which does not count against the number of masterpieces I can have memorized.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Bard College (Whispers)",

					spells : ["whispers of oblivion"],

					selection : ["whispers of oblivion"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},
		},

		"truespeech maestro" : {
			name : "Truespeech Maestro",
			source : ["ELCR", 25],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "My proficiency bonus is doubled for any Truespeech ability check I make. Additionally, I'm able to vocalize up to two masterpieces at the same time and may cast spells with verbal components while vocalizing a single masterpiece.",
		},

		"eloquent truespeaker" : {
			name : "Eloquent Truespeaker",
			source : ["ELCR", 25],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "When I fail a Truespeech ability check when performing a masterpiece and get the partial effect, I instead get its normal effect.",
		},
	}
}

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.truespeaker.features["truespell recictation"], true, "Truespell Recictation (Revised)", {
	name : "Truespell Recictation (Revised)",
	extraname : "Alternate Truespeaker 1",
	source : [["ELHH", 32]],
	description : "\n   When I cast a spell of 8th level or lower with a verbal component and expend a spell slot via my Spellcasting feature, I can cast it using the words of truespeech. When I do so, the spell is no longer considered a spell or magical effect for its duration (its other properties remain the same), instead being powered by the mystical force of truespeech. Doing so causes me to gain a number of entropy dice according to the level of the spell cast, as detailed in the Truespell Recitation table.\n   Spell Level   Entropy Dice Gained\n   Cantrip       None\n   1st-2nd       1\n   3rd-4th       2\n   5th-6th       3\n   7th-8th       4"
}, "Alternate 1st-level truespeaker features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.truespeaker.features["inspired truespeech"], true, "Harmonize", {
	name : "Harmonize",
	extraname : "Alternate Truespeaker 4",
	source : [["ELHH", 33]],
	description : "\n   When I finish a short rest, I may reduce the number of entropy dice I have by a number of dice equal to my proficiency bonus."
}, "Alternate 4th-level truespeaker features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.truespeaker.features["truespeech maestro"], true, "Unshakable Voice", {
	name : "Unshakable Voice",
	extraname : "Alternate Truespeaker 8",
	source : [["ELHH", 34]],
	description : "\n   My voice cannot be magically silenced or suppressed unless I allow it. Additionally, while speaking truespeech, I can choose for my words to be heard by creatures I'm aware of that share the same plane of existence as me."
}, "Alternate 8th-level truespeaker features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.truespeaker.features["eloquent truespeaker"], true, "Truespeech Maestro", {
	name : "Truespeech Maestro",
	extraname : "Alternate Truespeaker 10",
	source : [["ELHH", 34]],
	description : "\n   As an action, I may reduce my entropy dice pool to zero. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a long rest.",
	usages : 1,
	recovery : "long rest",
	action : ["action"]
}, "Alternate 10th-level truespeaker features");

spellSchoolList["True"] = "truespeech";

SpellsList["anthem of thunderous pain"] = {

	name : "Anthem of Thunderous Pain",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*anthem)(?=.*of)(?=.*thunderous)(?=.*pain).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 25], ["ELHH", 34]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (60 ft rad)",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I speak booming words of truespeech that shatter the ears of those who hear it.",

	descriptionFull : "I speak booming words of truespeech that shatter the ears of those who hear it. All creatures of my choice within a 60-foot radius centered on me must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 10d10 points of thunder damage, become deafened for 1 hour, and become stunned until the end of their next turn. On a success, a creature takes half as much damage and is not stunned. This increases my entropy pool by 7.\nPartial: The masterpiece deals half damage and no longer stuns affected creatures.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, if an affected creature is immune to the stunned condition, it is instead not immune to the condition from this masterpiece.",
}

SpellsList["cacophony of shattering hearts"] = {

	name : "Cacophony of Shattering Hearts",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*cacophony)(?=.*of)(?=.*shattering)(?=.*hearts).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 26], ["ELHH", 35]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (30 ft rad)",

	components : "V",

	duration : "1 min",

	save : "Wis",

	description : "I sing a raucous tale of loss, heartbreak, and sadness that sends creatures into a deep melancholy.",

	descriptionFull : "I sing a raucous tale of loss, heartbreak, and sadness that sends creatures into a deep melancholy. Each enemy within a 30-foot radius centered on me must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or immediately fall prone and must spend its bonus action on each of its turns weeping profusely. A creature may repeat this saving throw at the end of each of its turns to end the effect. This increases my entropy pool by 4.\nPartial: The masterpiece’s duration is reduced to one round.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, when a creature fails any Wisdom saving throw against the masterpiece, it immediately falls prone.",
}

SpellsList["counterchant"] = {

	name : "Counterchant",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*counterchant).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 26], ["ELHH", 35]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 bns",

	range : "Self (120 ft rad)",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Int",

	description : "I unleash a truespeech chant of chaos and confusion that rattles of minds of my enemies.",

	descriptionFull : "I unleash a truespeech chant of chaos and confusion that rattles of minds of my enemies. Each creature of your choice within 120 feet that is concentrating on a spell or magical effect must succeed on an Intelligence saving throw or lose concentration on all Non-Epic spells and magical effects. This increases my entropy pool by 8.\nPartial: A creature that fails the saving throw instead loses concentration on a single non-Epic spell or magical effect of your choice.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, a creature that fails the saving throw loses concentration on all Epic spells and magical effects.",
}

SpellsList["dirge of the lost legion"] = {

	name : "Dirge of the Lost Legion",

	nameAlt : "Dirge of the Doomed Legion",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dirge)(?=.*of)(?=.*the)(?=.*lost)(?=.*legion).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 26], ["ELHH", 35]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 bns",

	range : "Self (30 ft cone)",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Str",

	description : "Using truespeech to utter a terrifying war cry, I unleash the spirits of the lost legion to trample my enemies in a mighty cavalry charge.",

	descriptionFull : "Using truespeech to utter a terrifying war cry, I unleash the spirits of the lost legion to trample my enemies in a mighty cavalry charge. Creatures within the area must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. Until a creature knocked prone by this masterpiece is no longer prone, the next attack against that creature scores a critical hit. This increases my entropy pool by 4.\nPartial: The first attack against creatures knocked prone by this masterpiece instead does not automatically score a critical hit.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, the masterpiece’s area becomes a 60-foot cone.",
}

SpellsList["doomcaller's madrigal"] = {

	name : "Doomcaller's Madrigal",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*doomcaller's)(?=.*madrigal).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 26], ["ELHH", 35]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I proclaim myself a herald of destruction via truespeech, ensuring my enemies will suffer my wrath.",

	descriptionFull : "I proclaim myself a herald of destruction via truespeech, ensuring my enemies will suffer my wrath. Until the end of your next turn, each time you would roll damage dice you instead treat each damage die as though it had rolled the highest possible value. This increases my entropy pool by 6.\nPartial: The masterpiece immediately ends after the next time I deal damage or until the end of my next turn, whichever comes first.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, until the end of my next turn, creatures cannot be resistant or immune to damage dealt by me.",
}

SpellsList["harmony of living hope"] = {

	name : "Harmony of Living Hope",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*harmony)(?=.*of)(?=.*living)(?=.*hope).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 26], ["ELHH", 36]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (30 ft rad)",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "Leading my allies in a mystical chorus of truespeech, I inspire hope even in the darkest of times.",

	descriptionFull : "Leading my allies in a mystical chorus of truespeech, I inspire hope even in the darkest of times. Each creature of your choice within the masterpiece’s area may spend hit dice to recover hit points as though they had finished a short rest. This increases my entropy pool by 8.\nPartial: Creatures may instead only spend a number of hit dice equal to half your character level, rounded down.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, each time a creature would roll hit dice to recover hit points via the effect, it instead treats each hit die as though it had rolled the highest possible value.",
}

SpellsList["lamentation of the lost"] = {

	name : "Lamentation of the Lost",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*lamentation)(?=.*of)(?=.*the)(?=.*lost).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 36],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (120 ft rad)",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Permanent",

	description : "I sutter a mournful wail in truespeech that speaks of loneliness and isolation.",

	descriptionFull : "I sutter a mournful wail in truespeech that speaks of loneliness and isolation, which can be heard by creatures up to 120 feet away. Enemy creatures of my choice that can hear the lamentation are permanently afflicted with an Epic curse. When I role my entropy dice, I can choose to deal necrotic damage equal to the amount rolled to each creature ofmy choice cursed by the masterpiece, and the curse ends for that creature. This increases my entropy pool by 4, and increases by 3 more if I choose to Flourish it.\nFlourish: The masterpiece deals vile damage instead of necrotic damage.",
}

SpellsList["martyr's requiem"] = {

	name : "Martyr's Requiem",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*martyr's)(?=.*requiem).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 26], ["ELHH", 36]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 rea",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "When a creature within range is reduced to 0 HP, I take a reaction and use truespeech to command the universe to hold the creature back from the brink of death.",

	descriptionFull : "When a creature within range is reduced to 0 HP, I take a reaction and use truespeech to command the universe to hold the creature back from the brink of death. The creature is instead reduced to 1 hit point and becomes immune to all damage until the start of its next turn. This increases my entropy pool by 5.\nPartial: At the end of the affected creature’s next turn, if it has not regained any additional hit points since this masterpiece was performed, it is reduced to 0 hit points.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, I may lose a number of hit points of my choice up to my current hit points and the creature regains hit points equal to the amount of hit points I lose. This hit point loss cannot be prevented by any means.",
}

SpellsList["melody of the synchronized mind"] = {

	name : "Melody of the Synchronized Mind",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*melody)(?=.*of)(?=.*the)(?=.*synchronized)(?=.*mind).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 27], ["ELHH", 36]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (30 ft rad)",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "My truespeech aligns my mind with those of allied creatures within the effect’s area in an unspoken bond that allows me to act with perfect synergy.",

	descriptionFull : "My truespeech aligns my mind with those of allied creatures within the effect’s area in an unspoken bond that allows me to act with perfect synergy. Each ally affected can immediately move up to its speed and make a single attack or cast a cantrip. This increases my entropy pool by 8.\nPartial: Instead of each allied creature within range, I may only select a single allied creature.\nFlourish: I gain the benefits of the masterpiece’s effect in addition to my allies.",
}

SpellsList["nocturne of infecting fear"] = {

	name : "Nocturne of Infecting Fear",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*nocturne)(?=.*of)(?=.*infecting)(?=.*fear).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 27], ["ELHH", 36]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "10 min",

	save : "Wis",

	description : "I unleash the truename of terror itself, stirring an all-consuming fear in the heart of a single creature I'm aware of within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I unleash the truename of terror itself, stirring an all-consuming fear in the heart of a single creature I'm aware of within range. The creature must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or become frightened for the duration. If the creature is immune to the frightened condition, it is instead not immune to this effect but makes saving throws against this masterpiece at Epic advantage. A creature frightened by this masterpiece must spend all of its movement to move away from me by the fastest possible route on each of its turns. If a creature frightened by this masterpiece ends its turn adjacent to another creature, as a reaction I can force each adjacent creature to succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or become frightened for the duration. At the end of an affected creature’s turns, it can attempt a Wisdom saving throw, ending the effect on a success. This increases my entropy pool by 7.\nPartial: This masterpiece instead has no effect on creatures immune to the frightened condition.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, a creature has Epic Disadvantage on saving throws against this masterpiece for as long as it can hear me vocalizing on the masterpiece.",
}

SpellsList["note of fortitude"] = {

	name : "Note of Fortitude",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*note)(?=.*of)(?=.*fortitude).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 27], ["ELHH", 37]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 bns",

	range : "Self (120 ft rad)",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "With a single powerful note of truespeech, I order the universe to restore the world to balance.",

	descriptionFull : "With a single powerful note of truespeech, I order the universe to restore the world to balance. I immediately end the blinded, deafened, frightened, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, stunned, and unconscious conditions on myself and each creature of my choice within range. If an affected creature suffers from exhaustion, I can remove 1 level of exhaustion. Additionally, me and my allies recover from all diseases, poisons, and harmful effects from Non-Epic sources. This increases my entropy pool by 10.\nPartial: I instead may only affect myself or a single allied creature within the masterpiece’s area.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, me and my allies regain 10d10 hit points.",
}

SpellsList["om of timelessness"] = {

	name : "Om of Timelessness",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*om)(?=.*of)(?=.*timelessness).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 27], ["ELHH", 37]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "Unleashing a focused hum of truespeech, I bend the flow of time around a single creature or object I can see within range, removing it from the timestream.",

	descriptionFull : "Unleashing a focused hum of truespeech, I bend the flow of time around a single creature or object I can see within range, removing it from the timestream. While the effect persists, the target is enveloped in a shimmering golden field that makes it immune to all damage and effects. The target cannot regain hit points, be affected by a spell, trait, or ability, and is effectively immune to all outside influence. A creature affected by the masterpiece cannot take actions, spend movement, or activate abilities and is considered incapacitated. An unwilling creature may attempt a Wisdom saving throw at the end of each of its turns to end the effect. This increases my entropy pool by 8.\nPartial: The duration of the masterpiece is reduced to 1 round.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, the duration of the masterpiece is increased to 1 hour.",
}

SpellsList["rhythm of the forge"] = {

	name : "Rhythm of the Forge",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*rhythm)(?=.*of)(?=.*the)(?=.*forge).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 37],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "8 h",

	description : "I mantle a willing creature of my choice within range in mystical words of power that shield it from harm.",

	descriptionFull : "I mantle a willing creature of my choice within range in mystical words of power that shield it from harm. If the target’s AC is 24 or lower, it is instead 25 for the duration. Additionally, the target is immune to damage from non-Epic creatures. This increases my entropy pool by 5, and increases by 5 more if I choose to Flourish it.\nFlourish: I may target an additional willing creature within range.",
}

SpellsList["symphony of cosmic fire"] = {

	name : "Symphony of Cosmic Fire",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*symphony)(?=.*of)(?=.*cosmic)(?=.*fire).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 27], ["ELHH", 38]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "1 min",

	save : "Con",

	description : "My furious truespeech ignites the very atmosphere around a single creature you are aware of within range, burning it with an unrelenting fire for the duration of the masterpiece.",

	descriptionFull : "My furious truespeech ignites the very atmosphere around a single creature you are aware of within range, burning it with an unrelenting fire for the duration of the masterpiece. At the start of each of the creature’s turns, the creature must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 40 fire damage, or half as much on a success. Each time a creature fails its Constitution saving throw against this masterpiece, the fire damage dealt by this masterpiece increases by 40. A creature reduced to 0 hit points by this masterpiece is reduced to ash. This increases my entropy pool by 8.\nPartial: When a creature succeeds on a Constitution saving throw against this masterpiece, the effect ends.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, fire damage dealt by the masterpiece ignores a creature’s resistance or immunity to fire damage.",
}

SpellsList["timeless epic"] = {

	name : "Timeless Epic",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*timeless)(?=.*epic).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 38],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 h",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "1 h",

	description : "I weave a grand tale of glory and tragedy that recounts the deeds of truly epic heroes.",

	descriptionFull : "I weave a grand tale of glory and tragedy that recounts the deeds of truly epic heroes. Friendly creatures of my choice within 60 feet of me that hear the masterpiece become inspired by the tale, gaining one of my Bardic Inspiration dice. A creature that gained a die in this manner does not expend the die when it is rolled but cannot roll that Bardic Inspiration die again until the start of its next turn. This increases my entropy pool by 4, and increases by 4 more if I choose to Flourish it.\nFlourish: The casting time is reduced to 1 action.",
}

SpellsList["un-naming silence"] = {

	name : "Un-naming Silence",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*un-naming)(?=.*silence).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 27], ["ELHH", 38]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I utter a verse of truespeech so destructive the universe refuses to let it be heard.",

	descriptionFull : "I utter a verse of truespeech so destructive the universe refuses to let it be heard. A single creature I'm aware of within range must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 10d12 points of force damage. For every interval of 5 the target fails the saving throw by, it takes an additional 10d12 points of force damage. If the target is reduced to 0 hit points from this masterpiece, it is destroyed utterly as its truename is deleted from the universe. Such a creature can only be returned to life by Deific means and, even then, the power required to restore its truename is an extreme effort few are willing to attempt. This increases my entropy pool by 15.\nPartial: The masterpiece’s damage dice become d6s instead of d12s.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, the target has Epic disadvantage on its Constitution saving throw against the masterpiece, and if the target rolls a natural 1 on its saving throw, it takes force damage equal to its maximum hit points.",
}

SpellsList["grand finale"] = {

	name : "Grand Finale",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*grand)(?=.*finale).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 23], ["ELHH", 35]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "1 year",

	save : "Cha",

	description : "I attempt to exile a creature from the known multiverse to a dark void beyond the folds of reality.",

	descriptionFull : "I attempt to exile a creature from the known multiverse to a dark void beyond the folds of reality. The target must succeed on a Charisma saving throw or be banished and be unable to return by any known means other than the masterpiece ending. If I'm concentrating on your Dirge of Entropy feature when I perform this masterpiece, I may target any number of creatures of my choice with this masterpiece within the dirge’s area. This increases my entropy pool by 20.\nPartial: The duration of the masterpiece is reduced to 1 minute.\nFlourish: The duration of the masterpiece is increased to permanent, and non-Epic creatures automatically fail their saving throws against the masterpiece.",
}

SpellsList["sonnet of riotous illumination"] = {

	name : "Sonnet of Riotous Illumination",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sonnet)(?=.*of)(?=.*riotous)(?=.*illumination).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 24], ["ELHH", 37]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "My beautiful truespeech commands a 5-foot-diameter sphere of multicolored light to appear in an unoccupied space of my choice I can see within range and lasts for the duration.",

	descriptionFull : "My beautiful truespeech commands a 5-foot-diameter sphere of multicolored light to appear in an unoccupied space of my choice I can see within range and lasts for the duration. The sphere sheds bright light out to range of 100 feet and dim light for an additional 100 feet. You and creatures I designate when I perform the masterpiece are unaffected by effects produced by the sphere. At the end of each my turns you can choose to roll a d8 and each creature of my choice within the area of bright light must attempt a Wisdom saving throw. The d8 determines what color light the sphere emits, which has an effect corresponding to the following list. Each effect lasts until the end of my next turn. At the end of my subsequent turns, I can choose to roll a new d8 to alter the light the sphere emits or maintain the current light. Creatures of my choice must continue to attempt Wisdom saving throws at the end of each of my turns for the duration to resist the sphere’s effects, regardless of whether the light changes color or not. Creatures with an Intelligence score of 4 or lower are unaffected by this masterpiece.\n   Red: On a failed saving throw, the creature begins dancing uncontrollably and must use all its movement to dance in place without leaving its space. While dancing, the creature has disadvantage on attack rolls and Dexterity saving throws and other creatures have advantage on attacks against it.\n   Orange: On a failed saving throw, the creature is wracked with excruciating pain. If the creature attempts to speak, take an action that involves vocalizing, or cast a spell with verbal components, it must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or the attempt fails as the creature releases an agonized scream and the associated action, spell slot, or other resource is wasted in the attempt.\n   Yellow: On a failed saving throw, the creature experiences extreme nausea. If the creature takes damage and has an unspent reaction, it must use its reaction to fall prone and unleash a disgusting torrent of sickness.\n   Green: On a failed saving throw, the creature is stricken with a furious mania. If the creature has any unspent actions or movement at the end of its turn, it experiences a nervous breakdown and takes 6d6 psychic damage for each unspent action and 1d6 psychic damage for every 5 feet of unspent movement.\n   Blue: On a failed saving throw, the creature is overwhelmed with feelings of euphoria and pleasure. The creature cannot use attacks, features, spells, traits, or other abilities that affect creatures other than itself.\n   Indigo: On a failed saving throw, the creature finds everything so humorous that it laughs uncontrollably, becoming incapacitated. If the creature takes damage, the effect ends immediately.\n   Violet: On a failed saving throw, the creature is filled with an insatiable curiosity about the source of the light. The creature must spend all its movement to move closer to the source of the light by the most direct route possible and cannot willingly move away from the light.\n   Mysterious: On a failed saving throw, the creature spends its actions and movement to end its own life by the most direct means possible. The creature chooses the most efficient and effective method available to it. If the creature survives the first attempt it makes on its life, the effect ends immediately.\nThis increases my entropy pool by 10.\nPartial: The duration of the masterpiece is reduced to 1 round.\nFlourish: Instead of rolling a d8 to determine the light emitted by the sphere, at the end of each of my turns you may choose a light from the options above.",
}

SpellsList["aria of arcane power"] = {

	name : "Aria of Arcane Power",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*aria)(?=.*of)(?=.*arcane)(?=.*power).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 24], ["ELHH", 35]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "Special",

	range : "Special",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Special",

	description : "I warp the arcane energies of the world to my whim, forcing them into the shape of Epic magic with my truespeech.",

	descriptionFull : "I warp the arcane energies of the world to my whim, forcing them into the shape of Epic magic with my truespeech. I cast a single tier 1 Epic Spell from any Epic Spell list, using that spell’s casting time, range, components, and duration. This increases my entropy pool by 13.\nPartial: In addition to the effect, you cannot use this masterpiece again until you finish a long rest.\nFlourish: I cast a single tier 2 Epic spell from any Epic spell list, using that spell’s casting time, range, components, and duration.",
}

SpellsList["iamir's waltz of one thousand cuts"] = {

	name : "Iamir's Waltz of One Thousand Cuts",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*iamir's)(?=.*waltz)(?=.*of)(?=.*one)(?=.*thousand)(?=.*cuts).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 25], ["ELHH", 36]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 bns",

	range : "Self",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "Until the end of my turn, I may make a number of weapon attacks equal to my Charisma modifier.",

	descriptionFull : "Made famous by the tiefling truespeaker Iamir who used it to cut a demon lord into twelve perfect slices, this masterpiece allows you to unleash a flurry of deadly blows as I dance about the battlefield to the tune of my truespeech. Until the end of my turn, I may make a number of weapon attacks equal to my Charisma modifier. After I make an attack in this manner, I must move 10 feet into squares I have not occupied this turn. This movement does not provoke attacks of opportunity and does not expend your movement. This increases my entropy pool by 7.\nPartial: I instead make a number of weapon attacks equal to half your Charisma modifier, rounded down.\nFlourish: Instead of moving into squares over the course of this masterpiece’s effect, you magically teleport to those squares instead.",
}

SpellsList["cry of war unending"] = {

	name : "Cry of War Unending",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*cry)(?=.*of)(?=.*war)(?=.*unending).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 25], ["ELHH", 35]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 rea",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Cha",

	description : "My cry of truespeech twists the arm of fate, empowering the attacks of my allies or foiling those of my enemies.",

	descriptionFull : "My cry of truespeech twists the arm of fate, empowering the attacks of my allies or foiling those of my enemies. As a reaction to an attack made within 60 feet of me and before dice are rolled, I alter the results of the attack before it lands. I choose whether the attack hits or misses, though if the attacking creature hits, it may still roll a d20 to determine whether or not it scores a critical hit. This increases my entropy pool by 5.\nPartial: I impose Epic Advantage or Epic Disadvantage on the attack roll instead of causing it to automatically hit or miss.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, I regain the use of my reaction at the end of that turn.",
}

SpellsList["whispers of oblivion"] = {

	name : "Whispers of Oblivion",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*whispers)(?=.*of)(?=.*oblivion).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 25], ["ELHH", 38]],

	classes : ["truespeaker"],

	level : 9,

	school : "True",

	time : "1 s",

	range : "Special",

	components : "V",

	duration : "1 rnd",

	save : "Cha",

	description : "As a part of the action used to perform this masterpiece, I must attempt a weapon attack against one creature within that weapon’s reach or range.",

	descriptionFull : "As a part of the action used to perform this masterpiece, I must attempt a weapon attack against one creature within that weapon’s reach or range. On a successful hit, the target suffers the attack’s normal effects. If the creature is frightened of me or charmed by me, the attack deals an additional 12d8 psychic damage. If I perform this masterpiece and attack a creature I have damaged with the masterpiece in the last 24 hours, my attack deals double damage. This increases my entropy pool by 5.\nPartial: After performing this masterpiece, my turn immediately ends.\nFlourish: In addition to the effect, on a successful hit against a creature charmed or frightened by me, the attack scores a critical hit.",
}

ClassList["ascendant"] = {

	name : "Ascendant",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*ascendant).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 28], ["ELHH", 39]],

	primaryAbility : "Wisdom",

	prereqs : "20th level Cleric, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the Relic of Divinity trial",

	die : 8,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Ascendant") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Ascendant") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Ascendant starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	spellcastingFactor : 2,

	spellcastingKnown : {

		cantrips : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

		spells : [4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 12, 13, 13, 13, 13, 14, 14, 15, 16, 16, 16],

		prepared : true,

	},

	spellcastingList : {

		class : "ascendant",

		level : [1, 3],

		ritual : false,
	},

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 29], ["ELHH", 41]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"acts of faith" : {
			name : "Acts of Faith",
			source : [["ELCR", 29], ["ELHH", 41]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "I gain the following features:\n   Divine Competence: When I attempt an ability check with a skill in which I'm proficient, I may use my Wisdom ability score modifier instead of the usual ability score modifier that would be associated with the skill. For example, ascendants making an Athletics ability check would add their Wisdom modifier instead of their Strength modifier to the result of the roll.\n   Sacred Spells: When I expend a spell slot to cast one of my domain spells of 4th level or lower, I may instead cast that spell at 5th level without expending a higher-level spell slot.",
		},

		"divine spark" : {
			name : "Divine Spark",
			source : [["ELCR", 29], ["ELHH", 41]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can summon what is known as a Divine Spark, and hold it within me. I can generate a single Divine Spark at this level and can learn to generate additional Divine Sparks as I advance as an ascendant. I regain all of my expended Divine Spark generations when I finish a long rest. I cannot hold more than a single Divine Spark within me at a time and while I hold a Divine Spark, I gain the following benefits until that spark is expended:\n   My body radiates power. My eyes glow and my voice resonates with godlike intensity. A creature that can perceive me immediately knows I'm divine, regardless of race, intelligence, or alignment.\n   If I would roll a 9 or lower on an attack roll, saving throw, or ability check in which I'm proficient in, I instead roll a 10.\nUnless used to cast an Epic Spell, a Divine Spark is expended when I finish a short or long rest.",
			additional : ["", "1 Divine Spark Generation", "1 Divine Spark Generation", "2 Divine Spark Generations", "2 Divine Spark Generations", "3 Divine Spark Generations", "3 Divine Spark Generations", "4 Divine Spark Generations", "4 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations", "5 Divine Spark Generations"],
		},

		"epic spellcasting" : {
			name : "Epic Spellcasting",
			source : [["ELCR", 29], ["ELHH", 41]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "Once per turn, I can consume a Divine Spark I have generated to cast an Epic spell from the ascendant Epic Spell list of a tier I am able to cast at. I must fulfill the other requirements of casting that spell, such as actions, concentration, and other restrictions when applicable, and I immediately lose the benefits of the Divine Spark when I begin to cast the spell. If I would expend my Divine Spark to cast an Epic Spell at a tier lower than my highest tier available, I instead cast it at that tier. If my casting is interrupted, countered, or prevented by any means before the spell is complete, my Divine Spark is wasted.",
			additional : ["", "Tier 1", "Tier 1", "Tier 2", "Tier 2", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3", "Tier 3"],
		},

		"quasi-deity" : {
			name : "Quasi-Deity",
			source : [["ELCR", 30], ["ELHH", 42]],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "My divine ascension results in me attaining the rank of quasi-deity. Though I'm a minor god, I begin to receive significant worship from mortals who find meaning in my teachings and perform ceremonies in my honor. This idolatry strengthens my divine powers, granting me the following properties:\n   Divine Will: When I expend a spell slot to cast a spell that requires concentration to maintain its effects, I can expend an additional spell slot of that spell’s level or higher to remove the need to concentrate on the spell for its duration.\n   Vitality of the Gods: I no longer suffer the effects of aging, nor do I need to eat, drink, sleep, or breath, and I'm immune to the exhausted condition. I must still rest to recover HP, features, spells, and other traits. When I rest, I can sense the prayers, requests, and worship of those who follow me.",
		},

		"epic domain" : {
			name : "Epic Domain",
			source : [["ELCR", 30], ["ELHH", 42]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "As a god of my domain, I'm the divine embodiment of its principles and my every act glorifies these ideals. I gain additional domain spells that I can cast as detailed in that domain's Epic Subclass features. When I cast a domain spell of 8th level or lower, instead of expending a spell slot of that spell’s level I may instead expend a use of my Channel Divinity. I gain the following features according to the Domain I selected when I was advancing as a cleric.",
			choices : ["Arcana", "Death", "Forge", "Grave", "Knowledge", "Life", "Light", "Nature", "Order", "Peace", "Tempest", "Trickery", "Twilight", "Tyranny", "War"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"arcana" : {
				name : "Arcana Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "Until my Divine Spark is expended, when finishing casting a Non-Epic spell of 1st level or higher, I can choose to prevent the spell from taking effect and instead store its magical energy for up to 1 hour or until I no longer hold my Divine Spark. When I start each of my turns, I can choose to unleash one or more stored spell’s effects as though I had cast them instantly. I can store a number of spells in this manner with a combined spell level equal to (but no greater than) my Wisdom modifier.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Arcana)",

					spells : ["arcane gate", "globe of invulnerability", "mirage arcane", "teleport", "antimagic field", "gate"],

					selection : ["arcane gate", "globe of invulnerability", "mirage arcane", "teleport", "antimagic field", "gate"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"death" : {
				name : "Death Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "Until my Divine Spark is expended, I'm immune to necrotic damage and living creatures are considered vulnerable to damage dealt by me.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Death)",

					spells : ["circle of death", "create undead", "etherealness", "finger of death", "mind blank", "power word kill"],

					selection : ["circle of death", "create undead", "etherealness", "finger of death", "mind blank", "power word kill"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"forge" : {
				name : "Forge Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "Until my Divine Spark is expended, I cannot be critically hit, are immune to damage from Non-Epic sources, and are resistant to damage from Epic sources.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Forge)",

					spells : ["create homunculus", "investiture of flame", "delayed blast fireball", "simulacrum", "mighty fortress", "meteor swarm"],

					selection : ["create homunculus", "investiture of flame", "delayed blast fireball", "simulacrum", "mighty fortress", "meteor swarm"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"grave" : {
				name : "Grave Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "Until my Divine Spark is expended, when I start each of my turns, each creature of my choice within 60 feet of me with 100 HP or fewer dies instantly. Epic and Mythic creatures instead must succeed on a Constitution saving throw versus my spell save DC to prevent this effect.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Grave)",

					spells : ["circe of death", "magic jar", "finger of death", "resurrection", "clone", "weird"],

					selection : ["circe of death", "magic jar", "finger of death", "resurrection", "clone", "weird"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"knowledge" : {
				name : "Knowledge Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "Until my Divine Spark is expended, I can take a search action to learn the statistics and traits of a single creature I can see. If I use this feature to learn the statistics and traits of a mythic creature, I cannot use it again for 1 year.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Knowledge)",

					spells : ["eyebite", "mass suggestion", "forcecage", "sequester", "telepathy", "foresight"],

					selection : ["eyebite", "mass suggestion", "forcecage", "sequester", "telepathy", "foresight"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"life" : {
				name : "Life Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "Until my Divine Spark is expended, when I cause a creature to regain HP that exceed its HP maximum, it gains the excess amount of HP as temporary HP up to a maximum of 100 temporary HP. This HP disappears when an affected creature finishes a short or long rest, or until I no longer hold my Divine Spark.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Life)",

					spells : ["heal", "heroes' feast", "regenerate", "resurrection", "power word stun", "mass heal"],

					selection : ["heal", "heroes' feast", "regenerate", "resurrection", "power word stun", "mass heal"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"light" : {
				name : "Light Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "Until my Divine Spark is expended, as an action, I can expend one or more cleric spell slots of 9th level or lower to call down a bolt of radiant energy from the sun itself. Each creature in a 300- foot radius, infinitely high cylinder (or the physical distance to the sun when appropriate for my game world) centered on a point I can see within 1 mile of me becomes permanently blinded and must succeed on a Constitution saving throw versus my spell save DC or take 1d12 points of radiant damage for each level of cleric spell slots expended. A successful saving throw halves the damage. This feature automatically fails if the point my target is not exposed to direct sunlight or is used on a world without a sun. Once I have used this feature, I must finish a long rest before I can use it again.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Light)",

					spells : ["sunbeam", "true seeing", "firestorm", "prismatic spray", "sunburst", "prismatic wall"],

					selection : ["sunbeam", "true seeing", "firestorm", "prismatic spray", "sunburst", "prismatic wall"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"nature" : {
				name : "Nature Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "Until my Divine Spark is expended, once on each of my turns as an action, I may attempt a melee spell attack against a creature within reach. On a successful hit, the target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my spell save DC or be transformed into a beast, elemental, or plant of a challenge rating equal to or less than one third my character level. Epic and Mythic creatures make this saving throw with Epic Advantage. The target’s game statistics, including mental ability scores, are replaced by the statistics of the chosen creature, but the target retains its HP, alignment, and personality. The target gains a number of temporary HP equal to the HP of the new form, which cannot be replaced by temporary HP from another source. The target reverts to its normal form when it has no more temporary HP, it dies, or I take an action to touch the creature and dismiss the effect The creature is limited in the actions it can perform by the nature of its new form. It can’t speak, cast spells, or do anything else that requires hands or speech unless its form could do so normally. The creature is considered charmed by me and I can give it verbal commands as a bonus action.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Nature)",

					spells : ["transport via plants", "wall of thorns", "regenerate", "whirlwind", "demiplane", "shapechange"],

					selection : ["transport via plants", "wall of thorns", "regenerate", "whirlwind", "demiplane", "shapechange"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"order" : {
				name : "Order Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "When I generate a Divine Spark, I may issue a mystical decree that brings the world to order and lasts for as long as I hold that Divine Spark within I. When I issue this decree, I can decide whether to invoke weal or woe for its duration. If I invoked weal, when a creature hits me with an attack, it must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my spell save DC or instead miss. If I invoked woe, when I score a hit with a weapon attack, the target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my spell save DC or take an additional 10d12 psychic damage from the attack.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Order)",

					spells : ["globe of invulnerability", "guards and wards", "forcecage", "sequester", "power word stun", "time stop"],

					selection : ["globe of invulnerability", "guards and wards", "forcecage", "sequester", "power word stun", "time stop"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"peace" : {
				name : "Peace Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "While I hold my Divine Spark, I emit an aura of peace in a 120 ft. radius. When an enemy creature starts its turn in the affected area, it becomes blessed with feelings of peace until the start of its next turn. A creature so blessed cannot willingly harm another creature unless the other creature has harmed it within the last hour. An Epic creature may attempt a Wisdom saving throw against my spell save DC to prevent this effect. A creature that succeeds on a saving throw in this manner becomes immune to this feature for 24 hours.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Peace)",

					spells : ["mass suggestion", "programmed illusion", "magnificent mansion", "teleport", "antipathy/sympathy", "power word heal"],

					selection : ["mass suggestion", "programmed illusion", "magnificent mansion", "teleport", "antipathy/sympathy", "power word heal"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"tempest" : {
				name : "Tempest Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "When I generate a Divine Spark, I may expend a single Non-Epic cleric spell slot to charge myself with the power of the storm. Until my Divine Spark is expended, when I would deal lightning or thunder damage, I may deal an additional 1d8 lightning or thunder damage per level of the spell slot expended when I generated the Divine Spark.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Tempest)",

					spells : ["chain lightning", "investiture of wind", "firestorm", "reverse gravity", "tsunami", "storm of vengeance"],

					selection : ["chain lightning", "investiture of wind", "firestorm", "reverse gravity", "tsunami", "storm of vengeance"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"trickery" : {
				name : "Trickery Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "Until my Divine Spark is expended, when I hit a creature with a weapon attack that is being affected by one or more of my spells, my attack deals an additional 20d10 poison damage. If an attacked creature would be immune to poison damage dealt by the attack, it is instead resistant.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Trickery)",

					spells : ["eyebite", "irresistible dance", "project image", "simulacrum", "dominate monster", "true polymorph"],

					selection : ["eyebite", "irresistible dance", "project image", "simulacrum", "dominate monster", "true polymorph"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"twilight" : {
				name : "Twilight Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "While I hold my Divine Spark, I gain a flying (hover) speed equal to my base walking speed, can pass through objects and creatures as though they were difficult terrain, and are invisible while in dim light or darkness. If I end my turn inside a solid object, I'm shunted to the nearest unoccupied space and take 1d10 force damage for every 5 feet I'm moved in this manner.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Twilight)",

					spells : ["conjure fey", "otherworldly guise", "mirage arcane", "prismatic spray", "mind blank", "prismatic wall"],

					selection : ["conjure fey", "otherworldly guise", "mirage arcane", "prismatic spray", "mind blank", "prismatic wall"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"tyranny" : {
				name : "Tyranny Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "I add the Epic spell hideous mandate to my ascendant Epic spell list. Additionally, until my Divine Spark is expended, if a spell I cast requires that I must see a creature in order to affect it, it instead requires that the creature be able to hear me, in addition to its normal restrictions.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (Tyranny)",

					spells : ["contingency", "mass suggestion", "finger of death", "forcecage", "dominate monster", "imprisonment", "hideous mandate"],

					selection : ["contingency", "mass suggestion", "finger of death", "forcecage", "dominate monster", "imprisonment", "hideous mandate"],

					times : 7,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"war" : {
				name : "War Domain",
				description : "\n   " + "Until my Divine Spark is expended, when I hit an enemy with a weapon attack, I regain a use of my Channel Divinity feature, up to my maximum. Additionally, while I hold my Divine Spark, when one of my weapon attacks exceeds my target’s AC by 10 or more, the attack scores a critical hit.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Domain (War)",

					spells : ["blade barrier", "move earth", "firestorm", "magical sword", "earthquake", "meteor swarm"],

					selection : ["blade barrier", "move earth", "firestorm", "magical sword", "earthquake", "meteor swarm"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},
		},

		"demigod" : {
			name : "Demigod",
			source : [["ELCR", 32], ["ELHH", 45]],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "My divine rank has improved to grant me the position of demigod. This close to full divinity, my circle of worshipers grows considerably and other gods (if any) begin to consider me a serious contender for true godhood as I gain the following benefits:\n   Annihilate Undead: When any non-Epic undead fails its saving throw against my Channel Divinity: Turn Undead feature, I can choose to destroy it utterly and reduce its body to ash.\n   Immortal Essence: As long as I have worshipers, I cannot be truly killed. Eight hours after I'm slain, my body, equipment, and soul merge into divine essence and vanish. After seven days, I return to life with full HP at a holy site, temple, or other place of worship built in my name, along with all your equipment. This is a Deific effect that cannot be prevented by anything except another Deific effect.\n   Omnipotence: As an action, I can expend a use of my Divine Intervention cleric class feature to cast the spell wish.\n   At the DM’s discretion, I may receive additional benefits (or penalties) according to the divine order of my game. Work out these details with my DM, finding a feature that best fits the theme of my game without being overly restrictive. Generally, this feature should not prevent me from continuing down my chosen path.",
		},

		"ascendancy" : {
			name : "Ascendancy",
			source : [["ELCR", 32], ["ELHH", 45]],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "I can choose to immediately end my current existence and take my place among the Divine Order or to remain upon the world in an extremely powerful, but ultimately weaker, mode of existence. Should I elect not to ascend, I instead gain the following benefits:\n   Epic effects produced by me, such as my ascendant class features and Epic Spells I cast, are instead Deific effects.\n   When I expend a Divine Spark, as a reaction I may immediately generate a new Divine Spark from my remaining Divine Sparks (if available).",
		},
	}
}

ClassList["primordial"] = {

	name : "Primordial",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*primordial).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 33], ["ELHH", 46]],

	primaryAbility : "Wisdom",

	prereqs : "20th level Druid, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the Voice of the Wild trial",

	die : 8,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Primordial") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Primordial") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Primordial starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 34], ["ELHH", 47]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"nature's bounty" : {
			name : "Nature's Bounty",
			source : ["ELCR", 34],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "I no longer need somatic or material components to cast Non-Epic druid spells I know.",
		},

		"primordial evolution" : {
			name : "Primordial Evolution",
			source : [["ELCR", 34], ["ELHH", 47]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I tap into the most powerful and pervasive aspect of nature: the capacity to evolve. This prompts a dramatic transformation as I improve one of three aspects of my druidic abilities to new heights. Immediately after I attain 22nd level, I must choose which aspect of myself I would like to evolve: spellcasting, communion with nature, or Wild Shape. When I evolve one of these aspects, I permanently gain the benefits of that evolution according to the details found in below. As I advance as a primordial, I gain additional primordial evolutions. When I gain a new evolution, I must immediately use it to evolve one of the three aspects of myself after attaining that level. I can use these new evolutions to evolve one of my aspects further, or begin evolving a new aspect. Each aspect can only be evolved three times.",
			extraname : "Primordial Evolutions",
			extrachoices : ["Evolved Communion", "Evovled Spellcasting", "Evolved Wild Shape"],
			extraTimes : levels.map(function (n) {
				return n < 4 ? 1 : n < 6 ? 2 : n < 8 ? 3 : n < 10 ? 4 : 5;
			}),
			"evolved communion" : {
				name : "Evolved Communion",
				description : "\n   " + "I can sense the network of life energy that connects all living things. With precise control, I can enhance this bond to share life force and magic between me and my allies.\n   First Evolution: As a bonus action, I can create a mystical bond between myself and a single ally I can see within 120 feet of me. This bond persists until I dismiss it, bond myself to a different ally, exceed the bond’s range, or become unconscious. When I cast a spell that affects only me, I may choose to affect my bonded ally as well. If I'm under the effects of a spell I cast with a duration, I may choose to apply the effects of that spell to my bonded ally as well for as long as I remain affected by that spell and bonded to that ally.\n   Second Evolution: When an ally within 120 feet of me that I can see is attacked or targeted by a hostile spell or magical effect, I may take a reaction to bond to that ally. Additionally, when my bonded ally takes damage, I may expend a druid spell slot (no action required) to reduce the damage taken by 10 per level of the spell slot expended. Finally, when my bonded ally deals damage with an attack, I may expend a druid spell slot (no action required) to increase the damage dealt by that attack by 10 per level of the spell slot expended.\n   Third Evolution: When I take a bonus action to bond to an ally, I may bond myself to an additional ally within range. The second bonded ally gains all the benefits that I would confer to my first bonded ally, and as a bonus action I may change both bonds on up to two different allies within range.",
			},

			"evolved spellcasting" : {
				name : "Evolved Spellcasting",
				description : "\n   " + "By studying the flow of magic inherent in all living things, I can draw greater magical power from the natural world by evolving my spellcasting. This grants me the necessary wisdom to cast terrifyingly powerful Epic spells from the primordial Epic spell list. Epic Spells are prepared and cast much like Non-Epic spells and count toward the total number of spells I can have prepared.\n   First Evolution: I gain an additional 1st, 2nd, and 3rd level druid spell slot. Additionally, I gain a Tier 1 Epic Spell slot, which is considered a primordial spell slot for me. I can use this slot to prepare and cast any Tier 1 Epic Spell from the primordial Epic Spell list and the spell counts against the number of total spells I can have prepared. I regain all expended Epic spell slots when I finish a long rest. Finally, my primordial level stacks with ymy druid level for the purposes of determining how many spells I can have prepared.\n   Second Evolution: I gain an additional 4th, 5th, and 6th level druid spell slot. I gain a second Tier 1 Epic primordial spell slot, and a single Tier 2 Epic primordial spell slot. Additionally, when I cast a druid spell as a ritual, I may treat that spell as though it were cast using a 9th level spell slot.\n   Third Evolution: I gain an additional 7th, 8th, and 9th level druid spell slot. I gain a third Tier 1 Epic primordial spell slot, a second Tier 2 Epic primordial spell slot, and a single Tier 3 Epic primordial spell slot. Additionally, I add the spell wish to the list of druid spells I can prepare and cast.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Primordial Evolution (Spellcasting)",

					class : "primordial",

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"evolved wild shape" : {
				name : "Evolved Wild Shape",
				description : "\n   " + "My Wild Shape abilities allow me to alter my form to best exemplify the power of beasts through changes called wild affixes. These augmentations grant me unparalleled ferocity, speed, and durability on the battlefield as I embody the animalistic aspects of the natural world.\n   First Evolution: As an action, I can use my Wild Shape druid feature to gain a single wild affix from the Wild Affix table, which provides me with its listed benefits for as long as I retain that affix. I can only benefit from a single wild affix at a time and an affix’s effects persist until I elect to change to a different affix or are slain. The effects of a wild affix apply to any form I willingly take, including those taken through my Wild Shape or spells such as polymorph or shapechange. Additionally, if I assume the form of a Non-Epic creature, I are considered an Epic creature while in that form.\n   Second Evolution: When I use my action to gain or change your wild affix, I can gain or change a second wild affix from the Wild Affix table, allowing me to benefit from up to two different affixes at the same time. Additionally, if the maximum challenge rating of a creature I can turn into with my Wild Shape scales based on my druid level, it now scales based on my character level instead. If the maximum challenge rating of a creature I can turn into with my Wild Shape feature is less than 5, it is instead 5.\n   Third Evolution: When I use my action to gain or change my wild affixes, I can gain or change up to three different wild affixes from the Wild Affix table, allowing me to benefit from up to three different affixes at the same time. Additionally, when I assume a new form using your Wild Shape, I may change or gain wild affixes as though I had used my action to do so.",
				toNotesPage : [{
					name : "Wild Affix Decriptions",
					source : ["ELCR", 37],
					popupName : "Wild Affix Description",
					note : "\n   Adaptive: I'm resistant to all damage except psychic damage.\n   Armored: I have a +8 bonus to my Armor Class.\n   Brutal: Once per turn, when I deal damage to a creature smaller than me, I may force it to succeed on a Constitution saving throw versus my spell save DC or be crushed by my size and strength. A creature crushed in this manner takes an additional 10d10 bludgeoning damage from the attack.\n   Cunning: I have Epic Advantage on my attacks if I have an ally within 5 feet of my target and that ally is not incapacitated.\n   Evasive: When I succeed on a Strength, Dexterity, or Constitution saving throw and would take damage on a success, I instead take no damage.\n   I have 100 temporary hit points. When I finish a short or long rest, I gain 100 temporary hit points.\n   Intuitive: I have Epic Advantage on Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution ability checks.\n   Vicious: My attacks score a critical hit on an attack roll of 18–20.",
				}],
			},
		},

		"mantle of the wild" : {
			name : "Mantle of the Wild",
			source : [["ELCR", 34], ["ELHH", 47]],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "My body becomes a part of nature itself, a seamless blend of flesh, plant matter, and inorganic materials. Exactly how this affects my appearance is up to me, but these elements should be visible even at a distance unless I take efforts to conceal them. Examples of possible changes include my skin becoming rough like bark, my hair sparkling like sand in the desert, or my eyes glistening like droplets from a crystal-clear lake. These changes grant me the following benefits:\n   If I would take the form of another creature, I may choose to retain these benefits, but the appearance of my new form is altered to reflect the aesthetics of my natural form.\n   When I'm subjected to a spell or effect from non-Deific sources that would alter my form, I may choose to be immune to that spell or effect.\n   I'm immune to the exhausted and petrified conditions.",
			savetxt : {

				immune : ["exhaustion", "petrified"],
			},
		},

		"epic druid circle" : {
			name : "Epic Druid Circle",
			source : [["ELCR", 34], ["ELHH", 47]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "My abilities as a primordial allow me to enhance the powers of my druid circle. Most druid circles are extremely lucky to have even a single primordial among their number, making me a figure of great wisdom and knowledge to my fellow druids. In some instances, I may even become the leader of my druid circle, the details of which should be worked out with my DM. I gain the following features according to the druid circle I selected when I was advancing as a druid.",
			choices : ["Dreams", "Land", "Moon", "Shepherd", "Stars", "Wildfire", "Woad"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"dreams" : {
				name : "Circle of Dreams",
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I may cast the Tier 3 Epic Spell dreamscape without the need for verbal, somatic, or material components. Over the course of the spell’s duration, I'm in a state of unconsciousness akin to sleepwalking which has the following properties:\n   I'm aware of my surroundings, can move, and can take actions.\n   I automatically fail Strength and Dexterity saving throws, and attack rolls against me have Epic Advantage.\nOnce I have used this feature, I must finish a short or long rest before I can use it again.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "short rest",
				action : ["action"],
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Druid Circle (Dreams)",

					spells : ["dreamscape"],

					selection : ["dreamscape"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,

					oncesr : true,
				},
			},

			"land" : {
				name : "Circe of the Land",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell, non-Epic or Epic, using one of my druid or primordial spell slots, I may use my reaction to recycle a portion of that spell’s energy. Doing so generates a spell slot of one level or one tier lower than the spell slot I just used, up to my spell slot maximum for that level or tier. This feature cannot be used on cantrips, 1st-level spells, or Tier 1 Epic Spells.",
			},

			"moon" : {
				name : "Circle of the Moon",
				description : "\n   " + "I can transform into a dragon, elemental, fey, or plant using my Wild Shape feature. I do not gain legendary actions or lair actions from my new form, and if I transform into a creature with a spellcasting feature or legendary resistance feature, I cannot use either feature. At the DM’s discretion, additional restrictions may be imposed upon the capabilities of the forms I can assume. Additionally, when I use my Wild Shape feature to transform into a creature, the maximum challenge rating of a creature I can turn into is equal to my druid level divided by two, rounded down.",
			},

			"shepherd" : {
				name : "Circle of the Shepherd",
				description : "\n   " + "When I roll initiative, I can choose to entreat nature for aid, causing the Epic Spell megalith to be cast immediately and instantly as though I had cast it without the need for any verbal, somatic, or material components. This effort does not come from me nor do I need to concentrate on the spell to maintain its effect. However, the spell must still meet the necessary terrain requirements to be cast or the effect fails. Once I have used this feature, I must finish a short or long rest before I can use it again.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Druid Circle (Shepherd)",

					spells : ["megalith"],

					selection : ["megalith"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,

					oncesr : true,
				},
			},

			"stars" : {
				name : "Circle of Stars",
				description : "\n   " + "When I take an action, bonus action, or reaction, I may expend a spell slot (no action required) and offer its power to the heavens. When I do so, at the end of my turn, for each spell slot expended, a radiant star falls in a space of my choice that I can see within 500 feet. If a creature occupies that space, it takes 1d12 radiant damage, plus an additional 1d12 radiant damage per level of the spell slot expended. If the creature is friendly toward me, I may choose to instead have the creature magically regain a number of HP equal to the damage rolled.",
			},

			"wildfire" : {
				name : "Circle of Wildfire",
				description : "\n   " + "When I would deal damage other than fire damage, I may instead deal fire damage. Additionally, when I deal fire damage to a creature, I may instead cause it to regain a number of HP equal to the fire damage it would have taken before its damage resistances and immunities were applied.",
			},

			"woad" : {
				name : "Circle of the Woad",
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my Wild Shape feature to transform myself into a plant, I can choose to transform into a creature that once walked the world before creatures of flesh defiled it, the mighty arbor titan. Once I have used this feature, I must finish a long rest before I can use it again.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
			},
		},

		"landwarden" : {
			name : "Landwarden",
			source : [["ELCR", 35], ["ELHH", 50]],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "When I begin a long rest outside of an artificial structure or object, I may choose to return the environment around me to the natural order in a 1-mile radius centered on me. Over the course of that rest, non-magical structures in the area crumble and fade, plants regrow, pollution is purified, and local fauna returns. At the end of the rest, I awake to find the area restored to its purest natural state. If my rest is interrupted, any progress this feature made is magically undone, forcing me to start over. This is a Deific effect. Additionally, while I occupy an area restored by this feature it is considered my lair, granting me the following benefits:\n   Lair Actions: On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), I can take a lair action to cause one of the following effects. I cannot use the same effect two rounds in a row.\n     I cast a Non-Epic druid spell of 5th level or lower with a range of 5 feet or greater. This spell has its range increased to encompass the entire area of my lair.\n     I take the search action, making a Perception check or an Investigation check.\n     I use my Wild Shape feature as though I had taken an action or bonus action to do so.",
		},

		"symbiosis" : {
			name : "Symbiosis",
			source : ["ELCR", 36],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "By spending 10 minutes in deep meditation in a natural environment, I enter a trance-like state. While in this state, I merge my essence with the natural world and may remain so for as long as I choose, granting me the following features:\n   Manifestation: By spending 1 minute concentrating, during which time I cannot spend movement and can take no other actions, I can create a vessel out of natural material and infuse it with my soul. I can manifest this vessel in any unoccupied space on the plane I currently occupy, as long as that location has enough material available to create the form of a creature of my size. I have direct and perfect control over the vessel (no action required) and perceive anything that it can perceive for as long as I remain in focused meditation, taking no actions nor moving from my space. The vessel is identical to my real form in every way except for those detailed here. The vessel has my class features, HP, traits, and spell slots as though it were me (though it has none of your equipment). When the vessel would expend one of its spell slots to cast a Non-Epic or Epic Spell, it instead expends one of my spell slots. If I do not have available spell slots to expend, the spell fails. The vessel is destroyed immediately if my meditation is interrupted and my soul returns to my real body upon its destruction. However, if the vessel is slain by an effect that would destroy or capture a soul, my soul suffers that effect and does not return to my body. I may only control a single vessel at a time using this feature.\n   Natural Attunement: I can detect the activity of powerful forces that would disrupt the world. When a beast, elemental, fey, or plant on the plane I currently occupy takes damage, I sense that it took damage and can use my reaction to perceive what that creature perceives with its senses. I can maintain this connection for as long as the creature remains on the same plane as me, or until I use this feature again. Additionally, while I maintain this connection, I can determine the creature’s exact location, statistics, and traits.",
		},
	}
}

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.primordial.features["nature's bounty"], true, "Living Magic", {
	name : "Living Magic",
	extraname : "Alternate Primordial 1",
	source : [["ELHH", 47]],
	description : "\n   When I expend a non-Epic druid spell slot to cast a spell or use a druid class or subclass feature, I may instead expend any number of druid spell slots to increase the spell’s level or the potency of the effect (when applicable) by an amount equal to the combined level of spell slots expended, to a maximum of 9th level. Additionally, when I would use my Wild Shape feature to change my form into that of another creature, I may instead expend a non-Epic druid spell slot to transform into an eligible creature of a CR equal to or lower than the level of the spell slot expended."
}, "Alternate 1st-level primordial features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.primordial.features["symbiosis"], true, "Nature's Perfection", {
	name : "Nature's Perfection",
	extraname : "Alternate Primordial 10",
	source : [["ELHH", 50]],
	description : "\n   I gain the following benefits according to which of my Primordial Evolutions I evolved the most. If one or more of my Primordial Evolutions are equally evolved, I may instead choose which benefit to gain.\n   Evolved Communion: The range at which I can have bonded allies is unlimited so long as we share the same plane of existence.\n   Evolved Spellcasting: I gain a special Tier 4 Epic spell slot, which can be used to cast my primordial Epic spells at higher tiers beyond even Tier 3. I regain this expended spell slot when I finish a long rest.\n   Evolved Wild Shape: I choose a single form I'm able to assume using my druid or primordial features or spells. While in that form, I benefit from every Wild Affix as detailed in the Wild Affixes table."
}, "Alternate 10th-level primordial features");

CreatureList["arbor titan"] = {

	name : "Arbor Titan",

	source : [["ELCR", 35], ["ELHH", 49]],

	size : 1,

	type : "Plant",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Chaotic Neutral",

	ac : 22,

	hp : 527,

	hd : [34, 12],

	speed : "50 ft",

	scores : [27, 10, 28, 14, 18, 4],

	saves : ["+15", "", "+16", "", "+11", ""],

	skills : {
		"nature" : 9,
		"perception" : 11
	},

	senses : "Arborsight 60 ft",

	damage_immunities : "bludgeoning, piercing",

	damage_vulnerabilities : "fire",

	passivePerception : 11,

	languages : "Common, Druidic, Elvish, Sylvan",

	challengeRating : "23",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Slam",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [8, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [15, 8, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Vine",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (25 ft)",
			description : "The target is grappled and restrained",
			modifiers : [15, 8, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Arborsight",
			description : "Creatures that aren’t plants within 60 feet of the titan cannot be hidden or invisible to it."
		}, {
			name : "False Appearance",
			description : "While the titan remains motionless, it is indistinguishable from a nonmagical plant of its choice of the same size."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Protection",
			description : "The titan takes half damage from spells of 5th level or lower and automatically succeeds on saving throws against such spells."
		}, {
			name : "Natural Defender",
			description : "The titan deals double damage to objects and structures. On each of its turns, it can spend half of its movement to deal 50 points of bludgeoning damage to an object or structure within 5 feet of it."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Subsume (1/Day)",
			description : "One living creature that isn’t a plant that the titan can see within 5 feet of it must succeed on a DC 24 Constitution saving throw or have its body merge with the titan’s; the titan then disappears, and the target is incapacitated and loses control of its body. The titan now controls the body (acting on its turn) but doesn’t deprive the target of awareness. The titan can’t be targeted by any attack, spell, or other effect. It retains its alignment, Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma, and it cannot be charmed or frightened. It otherwise uses the merged target’s statistics, but doesn’t gain access to the target’s knowledge, features, or proficiencies. At the start of each of its turns, the creature the titan is merged with has its maximum HP reduced by 50. The merge lasts until the body drops to 0 HP, the titan ends it as a bonus action, or the target receives 100 or more HP of magical healing from an Epic effect. When the merge ends, the titan appears in an unoccupied space within 5 feet of the target."
		}
	]
};

ClassList["dreadnought"] = {

	name : "Dreadnought",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dreadnought).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 38], ["ELHH", 53]],

	primaryAbility : "Strength",

	prereqs : "20th level Fighter, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the Ceaseless Battle trial",

	die : 8,

	improvements : [1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Dreadnought") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Dreadnought") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Dreadnought starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 39], ["ELHH", 54]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"epic fighting style" : {
			name : "Epic Fighting Style",
			source : [["ELCR", 39], ["ELHH", 54]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "I lose any Fighting Styles I gained while advancing as a fighter, which are replaced with their corresponding Epic versions.",
			extraname : "Primordial Evolutions",
			extrachoices : ["Archery", "Blind Fighting", "Defense", "Dueling", "Great Weapon Fighting", "Interception", "Protection", "Superior Technique", "Thrown Weapon Fighting", "Two-Weapon Fighting", "Unarmed Fighting"],
			"archery" : {
				name : "Epic Archery Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain a +3 bonus to attack rolls I make with ranged weapons. Additionally, hostile creatures within 5 feet of me no longer impose disadvantage on my ranged attack rolls.",
			},

			"blind fighting" : {
				name : "Epic Blind Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "I have blindsight with a range of 30 ft. Within that range, I can effectively see anything that isn't behind total cover, even if I'm blinded or in darkness, including invisible creatures that are not hidden from me.",
				vision : [["Blindsight", 30]],
			},

			"defense" : {
				name : "Epic Defense Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "While I'm wearing armor, I gain a +3 bonus to AC and have resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-magical attacks.",
			},

			"dueling" : {
				name : "Epic Dueling Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "When I'm wielding a melee weapon in one hand and no other weapons, I gain a +4 bonus to damage rolls with that weapon.",
			},

			"great weapon fighting" : {
				name : "Epic Great Weapon Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "When I roll a 3 or lower on a damage die for an attack I make with a melee weapon with the two-handed or versatile properties, I instead roll a 4.",
			},

			"interception" : {
				name : "Epic Interception Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "As a reaction when a creature I can see hits another target within 5 ft. of me with an attack, I may reduce the damage the target takes by an amount equal to my character level. I must be wielding a shield or weapon to use this reaction.",
				action : ["reaction"],
			},

			"protection" : {
				name : "Epic Protection Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "When a creature I can see attacks a target other than me that is within 5 feet of me, I can use my reaction to impose Epic Disadvantage on the attack roll. I must be wielding a shield, and if the attack misses its target, I regain the use of my reaction at the end of that turn.",
			},

			"superior technique" : {
				name : "Epic Superior Technique Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "I learn three maneuvers of my choice. If a maneuver I use requires my target to make a saving throw to resist the maneuver's effects, the saving throw DC equals 8 + my proficiency bonus + my Strength or Dexterity modifier (my choice). Additionally, I have a number of superiority dice to use these maneuvers equal to half my dreadnought level (rounded down, minimum of 1), which are d8s. I regain my expended superiority dice when finish a short or long rest. If I already have a subclass feature that provides dice for these maneuvers, these dice are instead added to that feature's dice.",
				bonusClassExtrachoices : [{
					"class" : "fighter",
					"subclass" : "fighter-battle master",
					"feature" : "subclassfeature3.1",
					"bonus" : 3
				}],
				extraLimitedFeatures : [{
					name : "Combat Superiority",
					usages : [1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],
					additional : 'd8',
					recovery : "short rest",
					addToExisting : true
				}]
			},

			"thrown weapon fighting" : {
				name : "Epic Thrown Weapon Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "If I would need to draw a weapon with the thrown property to make a ranged weapon attack with it on a turn, I may do so as a part of making that attack. Additionally, when I hit with a ranged weapon attack with a thrown weapon, I gain a +4 bonus to the damage roll.",
			},

			"two-weapon fighting" : {
				name : "Epic Two-Weapon Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "When I engage in two-weapon fighting, I can add my Strength or Dexterity ability modifier to the damage of my attacks made with my off-hand weapon. Additionally, when I use my bonus action to make an attack with my off-hand weapon, I may attack twice instead of once.",
			},

			"unarmed fighting" : {
				name : "Epic Unarmed Fighting Style",
				description : "\n   " + "My unarmed strikes deal bludgeoning damage equal to 1d12 + my Strength modifier on a hit. Additionally, at the start of each of my turns, I can deal 1d12 bludgeoning damage to creatures grappled by me.",
			},
		},

		"combat stances" : {
			name : "Combat Stances",
			source : ["ELCR", 39],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I learn two combat stances of my choice, which are detailed below. I learn additional combat stances as I advance as a dreadnought. Once per round if I'm in combat, as a bonus action I may enter a combat stance that I know, gaining the benefits detailed in that combat stance’s description. I cannot benefit from more than a single combat stance at a time. Entering a new combat stance causes me to end any combat stances I currently benefit from. A combat stance lasts until I'm no longer in combat or become incapacitated. Each combat stance has a unique feature called an Epic Strike which can only be used as an action while in that combat stance. When I make an Epic Strike, I either make a single weapon attack against a creature within range or cast a spell of 1st level or higher with a casting time of an action. Some Epic Strikes put further restrictions on how they can be used, as detailed in their descriptions. When I deal damage using an Epic Strike, I multiply all damage dealt by the attack or spell according to the damage multiplier detailed in the description.",
			extraname : "Combat Stances",
			extrachoices : ["Aegis Stance", "Brawling Stance", "Defensive Stance", "Juggernaut Stance", "Razorwind Stance", "Sentinel Stance", "Skirmishing Stance", "Sniper Stance", "Steelbreaker Stance", "Surging Stance", "Throwing Stance", "Warmage Stance"],
			extraTimes : levels.map(function (n) {
				return n < 2 ? 1 : n < 4 ? 2 : n < 6 ? 3 : n < 8 ? 4 : n < 10 ? 5 : 6;
			}),
			"aegis stance" : {
				name : "Aegis Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "I masterfully defend myself against incoming attacks, using my armor to its full advantage. While I'm in this stance, wearing armor, and wielding a shield, I gain a +5 bonus to my Armor Class and creatures cannot have advantage or Epic Advantage on attacks against me.\n   Epic Strike: Shining Lance: I lash out with a single blow of unparalleled precision, making a single weapon attack or casting a spell that makes a spell attack. Attacks made using this Epic strike automatically hit and deal radiant damage instead of their normal damage type (if any). Damage dealt by this Epic Strike is doubled.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"brawling stance" : {
				name : "Brawling Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "My skills in grappling are legendary. While I'm in this stance, I may attempt a grapple as a bonus action and have Epic Advantage on ability checks to grapple a creature or maintain a grapple on a creature. Additionally, my speed is no longer reduced when moving a grappled creature.\n   Epic Strike: Crusing Grip: I tighten my grip upon a creature I'm grappling, crushing it to death with my strength. Instead of making a weapon attack as a part of this Epic Strike, I instead attempt a Athletics ability check contested by the target’s Athletics or Acrobatics ability check (the target chooses which ability to use). On a success, I automatically hit the target with an unarmed strike attack and until the grapple ends, the target is restrained. Damage dealt by this Epic strike is quadrupled.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"defensive stance" : {
				name : "Defensive Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "I'm the shield that guards my allies from harm, able to withstand devastating blows with ease. While I'm in this stance and wearing armor, I'm resistant to all damage except psychic damage.\n   Epic Strike: Counterstike: I ready a blow of catastrophic power to intercept my enemy’s attacks, readying a single weapon attack or a spell that deals damage. When a creature I can see makes a successful attack, I may use my readied Epic Strike to move up to twice my speed toward that creature. If I end this movement and the attacking creature is within range of my weapon attack or spell, I may make my readied attack or cast my readied spell against that creature. The damage of the creature’s attack is reduced by the damage it takes from my attack or spell. Damage dealt by this Epic strike is tripled.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"juggernaut stance" : {
				name : "Juggernaut Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "I know how to best maximize my own durability in combat. While I'm in this stance, I may add my Constitution modifier to my weapon attack and damage rolls instead of Strength or Dexterity modifiers and I cast spells without the need for somatic or material components. Additionally, if I have no uses of my Second Wind feature at the end of my turn, I regain one use.\n   Epic Strike: Unstoppable Blow: I let loose a mighty war cry and make a single weapon attack or cast a spell. If a Non-Epic spell or effect would prevent me from taking this action, the spell or effect ends, and I must immediately make the Epic Strike. If an Epic Spell or effect with a save DC would prevent me from making an Epic strike, I may attempt a Constitution saving throw against the spell or effect’s DC to become immune to the spell or effect until the end of my turn. If the effect is suppressed because I succeeded on this saving throw, I may immediately make the Epic strike. Damage dealt by this Epic strike is doubled.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"razorwind stance" : {
				name : "Razorwind Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "I can wield two weapons at the same time effortlessly, butchering my foes with vicious flurries of attacks. While I are in this stance and engage in two-weapon fighting, attacks made with my off-hand weapon are made at Epic Advantage.\n   Epic Strike: Hail of Steel: I unleash a withering series of blows that dice my foes to ribbons, making a single weapon attack with my main-hand and off-hand weapons. If both attacks hit the same target and I'm not incapacitated, I may immediately make this Epic strike again against the same target (no action required). I cannot make this Epic Strike more than five times in a single turn.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"sentinel stance" : {
				name : "Sentinel Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "With perfect poise and patience, I strike foes when they least expect it. While I'm in this stance and use my reaction to make an attack of opportunity, I may instead take the Attack action or make an Epic Strike.\n   Epic Strike: Incision of a Thousand Diamonds: I strike in a way to open a perfect window for my allies, allowing them to join me in the assault. I make a single weapon attack or cast a spell that affects one or more enemy creatures. Each of my allies within 5 feet of the attacked or affected targets may use their reaction to make a single weapon attack against those targets. Damage dealt by this Epic Strike is doubled.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"skirmishing stance" : {
				name : "Skirmishing Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "I can move about the battlefield with extreme ease, avoiding my foes to find the perfect position to attack. While I'm in this stance, my movement speed is doubled, I'm unaffected by difficult terrain, and Non-Epic spells and magical effects cannot reduce my speed.\n   Epic Strike: One Step Ahead: I strike my foe while preparing for its next move, preventing its escape. I make a single weapon attack or cast a spell that affects a single enemy creature. If the target of that attack or spell ends its turn in a space different than the one it occupied when I made this Epic Strike, I may use my reaction to move up to my speed toward the target and make this Epic Strike again. Damage dealt by this Epic strike is doubled.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"sniper stance" : {
				name : "Sniper Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "Aiming with godlike precision, I can deliver lethal attacks at extreme ranges. While I'm in this stance, if I do not leave my space on my turn and take no actions other than my action, my successful ranged weapon and spell attacks taken that turn deal damage as though they had scored a critical hit.\n   Epic Strike: Find the Center: I fire a ranged attack that deals extreme damage to those it hits. I make a single ranged weapon attack or cast a spell that makes a ranged spell attack. The range for attacks or spells made with this Epic Strike is quadrupled. After making this attack, I cannot willingly move from my space or take actions until the start of my next turn. Damage dealt by this Epic strike is quadrupled.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"steelbreaker stance" : {
				name : "Steelbreaker Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "My attacks and spells sunder enemy armor, crushing their defenses with relentless power. While I'm in this stance, if a creature has resistance to damage dealt by me, it instead does not have resistance. If a creature would be immune to damage dealt by me from my attacks or spells, it instead takes half damage from my attacks and spells.\n   Epic Strike: Overwhelming Assault: I open a hole in my enemy’s defenses, making it vulnerable to me and my allies. I make a single melee weapon attack or cast a spell that makes a melee spell attack. Damage dealt by this Epic strike is doubled. If the attack exceeds the target’s AC by 5 or more, the damage multiplication increases by a factor of one for every interval of 5 it exceeds the target’s AC (tripled becomes quadrupled, quadrupled becomes quintupled, etc.).",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"surging stance" : {
				name : "Surging Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "I can transfer the power of my movement into my attacks, darting about the battlefield to deliver punishing hits. While I'm in this stance, if I move at least 10 feet in a straight line and immediately make a melee weapon or spell attack at the end of that movement, I have a +5 bonus to that attack roll.\n   Epic Strike: Meteoric Blow: I strike a target with such force as to knock it flying into obstacles and terrain. I make a single weapon attack roll or cast a spell that makes a melee spell attack. On a successful hit, the target must attempt a Athletics ability check contested by my Athletics ability check. If the target fails, it is pushed up to 100 feet in a straight line away from me and knocked prone. On a critical hit, the target is pushed an additional 100 feet. Damage dealt by this Epic strike is doubled.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"throwing stance" : {
				name : "Throwing Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "I can hurl weapons with physics-defying precision, leaving my enemies awestruck and severely damaged. When I would make a ranged weapon attack with a thrown weapon, I may throw a second weapon with the thrown property as a part of that attack using the same hand(s). The attack's damage is increased by the second weapon's damage dice plus the attack's ability modifier. Additionally, the short and long range of weapons I wield with the thrown property is increased by 60 feet.\n   Epic Strike: Deadeye: As an action, I hurl a weapon in a manner that circumvents any cover or defense. I make a single ranged weapon attack with a thrown weapon against a target I'm aware of within range. So long as I target a space the target is occupying, this attack automatically hits, regardless of whether my target has total cover or other protections against my attacks. When this attack hits, I still roll a d20 to determine whether I scored a critical hit. Damage dealt by this Epic strike is tripled.",
				action : ["action"],
			},

			"warmage stance" : {
				name : "Warmage Stance",
				description : "\n   " + "My magic charges my weapon with arcane energy which can cleave through even the heartiest foes. While I'm in this stance, I may add either my Strength or Dexterity modifier to my spell save DC and spell attack rolls, in addition to its normal modifiers.\n   Epic Strike: Arcane Evisceration: My martial abilities empower my magic well beyond its normal limits. Make a single weapon attack or cast a spell that makes a spell attack. On a successful hit, the next non-cantrip spell I cast before the end of my next turn is treated as though I had expended an 8th-level spell slot to cast it, regardless of what level spell slot I used to cast the spell.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},
		},

		"tireless warrior" : {
			name : "Tireless Warrior",
			source : [["ELCR", 40], ["ELHH", 56]],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "I can use my Action Surge fighter class feature three times before a rest, but only once per turn. Additionally, when I roll initiative and have no uses of my Action Surge fighter class feature available, I regain one use.",
		},

		"epic martial archetype" : {
			name : "Epic Martial Archetype",
			source : [["ELCR", 40], ["ELHH", 56]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "The powerful new techniques I’ve developed as a dreadnought allow me to improve upon my martial archetype. I gain the following features according to the martial archetype I selected when I was advancing as a fighter.",
			choices : ["Arcane Archer", "Battle Master", "Cavalier", "Champion", "Eldritch Knight", "Gladiator", "Psi Warrior", "Purple Dragon Knight", "Rune Knight", "Samurai"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"arcane archer" : {
				name : "Arcane Archer",
				description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with an Epic Strike and apply one of my Arcane Shot options to the attack, I do not expend a use of my Arcane Shot to do so. I must have at least a single use of my Arcane Shot available to use this feature.",
			},

			"battle master" : {
				name : "Battle Master",
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can expend a use of my Action Surge feature to regain all of my expended superiority dice.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"cavalier" : {
				name : "Cavalier",
				description : "\n   " + "My mount cannot be frightened or charmed unless I'm also frightened or charmed, and my mount’s speed cannot be reduced below half its maximum. Additionally, once per turn, when I deal damage with a weapon attack and have at least half of my movement remaining, I can expend all of my remaining movement to increase the damage of the attack by 20. If I'm mounted and my mount has at least half of its movement remaining, I may instead expend my mount’s movement for the same benefit.",
			},

			"champion" : {
				name : "Champion",
				description : "\n   " + "My weapon attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 16–20.",
				calcChanges : {
					atkAdd : [
						function (fields, v) {
							if (!v.theWea.isMagicWeapon && v.isRangedWeapon && v.isMeleeWeapon && !v.CritChance) {
								fields.Description += (fields.Description ? '; ' : '') + 'Crit on 16-20';
								v.CritChance = 16;
							};
					},
					"My weapon attacks score a critical on a to hit roll of 16-20.",
					16
				]
			}
			},

			"eldritch knight" : {
				name : "Eldritch Knight",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell by expending an eldritch knight spell slot as a part of making an Epic Strike, I may treat that spell as if I had cast it using a 4th-level spell slot, regardless of the actual spell slot level used to cast the spell. Additionally, I regain all expended eldritch knight spell slots when I finish a short or long rest.",
			},

			"gladiator" : {
				name : "Gladiator",
				description : "\n   " + "I can use a creature I'm grappling as an improvised weapon. When I deal damage to a target using a creature as an improvised weapon, the creature being used as the weapon takes bludgeoning damage equal to the damage dealt by the attack. Additionally, my autograph is worth 200 gp in a society that values blood sports.",
			},

			"psi warrior" : {
				name : "Psi Warrior",
				description : "\n   " + "When I score a hit with an Epic attack, I may roll a number of my Psionic Energy dice granted by my subclass feature, up to my Intelligence modifier, to gain one of the following benefits:\n   I'm surrounded by a shield of psionic energy for 1 minute, granting me a number of temporary HP equal to the amount rolled on the Psionic Energy dice.\n   The target becomes charged with harmful psionic energy until the end of its next turn or until it deals damage to one if its enemies, whichever comes first. If the target deals damage to one of its enemies, it takes psychic damage equal to the amount rolled.\nAdditionally, when I use my Action Surge, I regain all my expended Psionic Energy dice.",
			},

			"purple dragon knight" : {
				name : "Purple Dragon Knight",
				description : "\n   " + "While I'm not incapacitated, allies within 60 feet of me that can see or hear me are proficient in any saving throws I'm also proficient in. Additionally, when I would use my Indomitable feature to reroll a failed saving throw, I instead automatically succeed on that saving throw.",
			},

			"rune knight" : {
				name : "Rune Knight",
				description : "\n   " + "When I invoke one of the runes granted by my subclass features, a weapon I'm holding or my unarmed strike becomes imbued with elemental energies until the start of my next turn or when I next score a hit with the weapon or unarmed strike, whichever comes first. When I score a hit using that weapon or unarmed strike, I deal an additional 5d10 damage, the type of which is determined by the rune I invoked, as detailed in the Elemental Infusions table.\n   Rune    Damage Type\n   Cloud   Thunder\n   Fire    Fire\n   Frost   Cold\n   Hill    Necrotic\n   Stone   Force\n   Storm   Lightning",
			},

			"samurai" : {
				name : "Samurai",
				description : "\n   " + "Immediately before initiative is rolled, I may expend a use of my Action Surge to act with lightning speed. This allows me to take a special turn before combat begins. During this turn, I may only take a single action and spend my movement, and enemies cannot take reactions in response to what I do that turn.",
			},
		},

		"peerless veteran" : {
			name : "Peerless Veteran",
			source : [["ELCR", 40], ["ELHH", 57]],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "When I enter or change a combat stance, I may do so at no action cost instead of as a bonus action. I may still only change or enter a stance once per round on each of my turns.",
		},

		"legendary champion" : {
			name : "Legendary Champion",
			source : [["ELCR", 40], ["ELHH", 57]],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "When I take the Attack action, I may make a single Epic Strike as a part of that action. When I use my action to make only an Epic Strike, I may make two Epic strikes instead of one as a part of that action.",
		},
	}
}

ClassList["enlightened fist"] = {

	name : "Enlightened Fist",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*enlightened)(?=.*fist).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 43], ["ELHH", 60]],

	primaryAbility : "Strength",

	prereqs : "20th level Monk, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the Enlightened Soul trial",

	die : 8,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Enlightened Fist") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Enlightened Fist") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Enlightened Fist starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 44], ["ELHH", 61]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"epic monastic training" : {
			name : "Epic Monastic Training",
			source : [["ELCR", 44], ["ELHH", 61]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "The number of ki points I have continues to increase as I advance as an enlightened fist. Additionally, I can roll 1d12 in place of the normal damage of my unarmed strike or monk weapon. This die changes as I gain levels as an enlightened fist.",
			additional : ["21 Ki Points / 1d12", "22 Ki Points / 1d12", "23 Ki Points / 1d12", "24 Ki Points / 2d6", "25 Ki Points / 2d6", "26 Ki Points / 2d6", "27 Ki Points / 2d8", "28 Ki Points / 2d8", "29 Ki Points / 2d8", "30 Ki Points / 2d10", "30 Ki Points / 2d10", "30 Ki Points / 2d10", "30 Ki Points / 2d10", "30 Ki Points / 2d10", "30 Ki Points / 2d10", "30 Ki Points / 2d10", "30 Ki Points / 2d10", "30 Ki Points / 2d10", "30 Ki Points / 2d10", "30 Ki Points / 2d10"],
		},

		"flowing power" : {
			name : "Flowing Power",
			source : [["ELCR", 44], ["ELHH", 61]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "When I take a bonus action, I may immediately spend 2 ki points to regain the use of my bonus action until the end of that turn. I may use this feature once per turn. As I advance as an enlightened fist, I gain additional uses of this feature per turn. Additionally, when I would spend ki points as a part of taking my action or casting a spell with a casting time of an action, I may do so as a bonus action instead. If I would cast a spell as a bonus action using ki points instead of spell slots, I'm not prevented from casting additional spells that turn, as long as any additional spells cast in this manner are cast using ki points instead of spell slots.",
			additional : ["", "1 usage", "1 usage", "1 usage", "2 usages", "2 usages", "2 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages"],
		},

		"first lesson of the enlightened fist" : {
			name : "First Lesson of the Enlightened Fist",
			source : ["ELCR", 45],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I gain one of the following features of my choice from either Karmic Reversal or Seven-Sided Strike.",
			choices : ["Karmic Reversal", "Seven-Sided Strike"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"karmic reversal" : {
				name : "Karmic Reversal",
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my reaction via my Deflect Missiles feature to reduce the damage I take from a ranged weapon attack, I may spend 1 or more ki points to reduce the damage of the attack by 10 additional points for each ki point spent. If I reduce the damage of the attack to 0 with this feature, I regain the use of my reaction at the end of that turn.",
			},

			"seven-sided strike" : {
				name : "Seven-Sided Strike",
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I may spend 4 ki points to make a single melee weapon attack and record the final result of the attack and damage rolls. Each creature of my choice within 120 feet of me that I'm aware of with an AC lower than the result of that attack roll takes the damage equal to the amount dealt by the attack.",
				action : ["action"],
			},
		},

		"second lesson of the enlightened fist" : {
			name : "Second Lesson of the Enlightened Fist",
			source : ["ELCR", 45],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "I gain one of the following features of my choice from either Mystic Strikes or Raging Ki Death Blow.",
			choices : ["Mystic Strikes", "Raging Ki Death Blow"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"mystic strikes" : {
				name : "Mystic Strikes",
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can expend up to 3 ki points to grant my unarmed strikes and spell attacks a bonus to attack and damage rolls. The bonus equals the number of ki points I spent and lasts for 1 minute or until I use this feature again.",
				action : ["bonus action"],
			},

			"raging ki death blow" : {
				name : "Raging Ki Death Blow",
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I make a single weapon attack. If the attack hits, I must spend all of my ki points. The attack deals an additional 15 damage per ki point spent in this manner.",
				action : ["action"],
			},
		},

		"epic monastic tradition" : {
			name : "Epic Monastic Tradition",
			source : [["ELCR", 45], ["ELHH", 62]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "I'm an undisputed master of my monastic tradition, a pinnacle of my craft to which all monks who follow my tradition aspire. Other members of my tradition are considered friendly toward me unless they are an enemy. I gain the following features according to the monastic tradition I selected when I was advancing as a monk.",
			choices : ["Ascendant Dragon", "Astral Self", "Drunken Master", "Four Elements", "Kensei", "Long Death", "Mercy", "Open Hand", "Shadow", "Sun Soul", "Thirsting Reaper"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"ascendant dragon" : {
				name : "Way of the Ascendant Dragon",
				description : "\n   " + "When I spend 1 or more ki points using my subclass features, I gain a special dragon die for each ki point I spend, which is a d8 and lasts for 1 minute. This dice represents the draconic fury building within me. When I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or poison damage using my subclass features, I may expend and roll all my dragon dice and increase the damage dealt by the feature by the amount rolled.",
			},

			"astral self" : {
				name : "Way of the Astral Self",
				description : "\n   " + "My body and ki become one, transforming me into a being of pure spiritual energy. While in this state, I always benefit from the effects of my subclass features that last 10 minutes or longer, even if I'm incapacitated. Additionally, when I would spend 2 or more ki points in a single instance, I instead spend 1 fewer ki point.",
			},

			"drunken master" : {
				name : "Way of the Drunken Master",
				description : "\n   " + "On my turn as a bonus action, I can spend 5 ki points to mystically intoxicate myself and enter a drunken rage, gaining the following benefits for 1 minute:\n   When I make my first attack on my turn, I can decide to attack drunkenly. Doing so gives you Epic Advantage on melee weapon attacks for that turn, but at the end of the turn I fall prone.\n   I add my Wisdom modifier to damage rolls made with my weapon attacks.\n   I'm immune to the stunned and unconscious conditions.",
			},

			"four elements" : {
				name : "Way of the Four Elements",
				description : "\n   " + "I learn all elemental disciplines available from my Disciple of the Elements subclass feature. In addition, I learn four Epic elemental disciplines, as follows:\n   Maelstrom of Wandering Spirits: As a bonus action, I can spend 8 ki points to create swirling vortices of water that permit travel between two points. I choose two unoccupied spaces that I can see, one space within 10 feet of me and one space within 500 feet of me. A swirling portal of water that occupies a 10-foot cube appears at each point and remains suspended if in the air. Each portal is only accessible from one side of the cube which I select when the cube is created, which appears like the mouth of a whirlpool. Other sides of the cube appear as swirling masses of water and prevent entry into the cube. I must designate one of the portals to be the entrance and the other the exit which I select when the cubes are created. A creature cannot enter the exit portal by any means. Any Large or smaller creature adjacent to the entrance portal’s side of the cube when it is created must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be pulled through the vortex. A creature can choose to fail this saving throw and be pulled through the vortex voluntarily. When a creature enters the portal, I can choose to deal 10d6 points of bludgeoning damage to it from the maelstrom of swirling water. A creature that passes through the entrance portal appears in the nearest unoccupied space at the exit portal, or an occupied space if it is unable to appear in an unoccupied space. The portals last until the end of my turn, and a creature cannot pass through the entrance portal more than once per turn.\n   Radiant Inferno Blast: As an action, I can spend 8 ki points to unleash a blast of radiant flame in a 30-foot radius centered on me. Each creature of my choice in the area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 12d6 fire and 12d6 radiant damage, or half as much on a success. Allied creatures of my choice in the effect’s area regain 24d6 hit points.\n   Rising Force Thunder Strike: When I make a successful weapon attack against a creature up to two size categories larger than me, I may spend 8 ki points to deal an additional 10d8 thunder damage and me and my target are knocked up to 100 feet straight into the air. Both me and my target remain in the air until the end of that turn, and any additional attacks I make against the target that turn are made with Epic Advantage. I take no falling damage if I fall at the end of a turn in which I used this feature.\n   Tectonic Embrace: As an action, I may spend 8 ki points to force a single creature within 30 feet to succeed on a Constitution saving throw or be petrified for 1 minute. At the end of each of its turns, a petrified creature can attempt a Constitution saving throw, ending the effect on a success.",
			},

			"kensei" : {
				name : "Way of the Kensei",
				description : "\n   " + "Damage from my kensei weapons cannot be reduced or prevented by any means and I cannot be disarmed of my kensei weapons unless I'm incapacitated. Additionally, as a bonus action you can spend 2 ki points to charge a single kensei weapon I'm holding with destructive ki. The next hit I score with that weapon on that turn automatically scores a critical hit. A single weapon cannot benefit from this feature more than once per turn.",
			},

			"long death" : {
				name : "Way of the Long Death",
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I can spend 6 ki points to force a creature within 60 feet of mee to attempt a Constitution saving throw. On a failed saving throw, a fragment of the creature's soul is drawn from its body and appears in a space adjacent to me for 1 minute. The soul floats in the air, occupies a 5-foot space, and is an object with an AC of 15 and 300 HP. The soul cannot take damage from any source other than my weapon attacks, cannot regain HP, and cannot be moved from its space by any means. When the soul takes damage, the creature it was pulled from takes an equal amount of damage of the same type regardless of the distance between the creature and its soul fragment. A soul fragment with 1 or more HP at the end of the duration returns to the creature it was pulled from immediately. If its soul fragment is reduced to 0 HP, the creature must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or die instantly. A successful saving throw prevents the creature's death, and the creature takes 300 necrotic damage instead.",
			},

			"mercy" : {
				name : "Way of Mercy",
				description : "\n   " + "As a reaction when a creature I can see within 120 feet of me takes 50 or more damage in from a single attack or effect, I can spend 8 ki points to intervene with a merciful hand. If the creature is friendly to me, it instead takes half as much damage. If the creature is an enemy, it must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against my ki save DC or be knocked unconscious for 1 hour or until it next takes damage, whichever comes first.",
			},

			"open hand" : {
				name : "Way of the Open Hand",
				description : "\n   " + "Whenever I hit a living creature with my unarmed strikes, I may spend 3 ki points and force the target to attempt a Constitution saving throw. On a failed saving throw, a limb of my choice the creature possesses falls limp and becomes useless for 1 hour. Any creatures, weapons, or objects held by that limb fall to the ground, and the creature cannot make attacks or cast spells that require the use of that limb for the duration. Typically, a limb constitutes a body part of a creature used to attack, cast spells, hold objects, or move. However, at my DM’s discretion, a creature may possess unnatural or bizarre anatomy that makes it immune to this effect. If an affected creature is an Epic creature, it can attempt a Constitution saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on a success.",
			},

			"shadow" : {
				name : "Way of Shadow",
				description : "\n   " + "At the start of each of my turns, I may spend 8 ki points to turn my body into a mass of ki-infused shadows. Until the end of my turn, I can move through other creatures and objects as though they were difficult terrain and have Epic Advantage on Stealth checks. If I deal damage to a creature while inside its space while using this feature, record that damage. At the end of my turn, each creature I damaged while inside its space takes additional necrotic damage equal to the damage I recorded that turn. If I end my turn inside an object, I'm moved to the nearest unoccupied space and take 1d10 force damage for every 5 feet moved.",
			},

			"sun soul" : {
				name : "Way of the Sun Soul",
				description : "\n   " + "When I make a spell attack using my Radiant Sun Bolt subclass feature and score a hit, I can choose to channel the attack for as long as I can see the target, I have a free hand, and the target remains within range. While channeling in this manner, each time I would make an attack I can choose to instead attack the target of my channel using my Radiant Sun Bolt subclass feature, automatically scoring a hit. Each time I score a hit in this manner, the damage of the attack increases by an amount equal to my Martial Arts damage dice. This effect is cumulative to a maximum of twenty additional damage dice, and extra damage gained in this manner is lost when the channel ends. Additionally, the range of my Radiant Sun Bolt class feature increases to 300 feet.",
			},

			"thirsting reaper" : {
				name : "Way of the Thirsting Reaper",
				description : "\n   " + "When I use my Battle Meditation feature to regain ki points, I may choose to instead instantly consume the energy and regain no ki points. If I do so, until the end of my next turn all damage I deal is doubled.",
			},
		},

		"third lesson of the enlightened fist" : {
			name : "Third Lesson of the Enlightened Fist",
			source : ["ELCR", 46],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "I gain one of the following features of my choice from either Radiant Spirit Spell Shield or Roaring Dragon Style.",
			choices : ["Radiant Spirit Spell Shield", "Roaring Dragon Style"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"radiant spirit spell shield" : {
				name : "Radiant Spirit Spell Shield",
				description : "\n   " + "When I'm targeted by a spell, I may use my reaction to spend ki points equal to half the spell’s level (rounded down) to attempt to deflect the spell back at its caster. If the spell is an Epic Spell, I must spend 5 ki points to attempt to deflect a Tier 1 Epic Spell, 7 ki points to attempt to  deflect a Tier 2 Epic Spell, and 10 ki points to attempt to deflect aTier 3 Epic Spell. After I spend the necessary ki points, I must make a melee weapon attack as a part of that action to strike the magic. If the final result of the attack roll is greater than the caster’s spell save DC, the spell is reflected back at the caster and the caster becomes the target instead of me. On a failure, I'm affected by the spell normally.",
			},

			"roaring dragon style" : {
				name : "Roaring Dragon Style",
				description : "\n   " + "When I take the Dodge action, I may spend 3 ki points to gain the following benefits until the start of my next turn:\n   When I use my reaction to make a successful weapon attack, I regain the use of my reaction at the end of that turn.\n   My AC equals 10 + my Dexterity modifier + my Wisdom modifier + my proficiency bonus.",
			},
		},

		"the final lesson" : {
			name : "The Final Lesson",
			source : [["ELCR", 46], ["ELHH", 64]],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "At the start of each of my turns, I gain 12 ki points, up to my maximum.",
		},
	}
}

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList["enlightened fist"].features["epic monastic training"], true, "Battle Meditation", {
	name : "Battle Meditation",
	extraname : "Optional Enlightened Fist 1",
	source : [["ELHH", 61]],
	description : "\n   At the start of my turn, I may forgo taking an action, taking a bonus action, and moving, and instead activate this feature to regain ki points up to my maximum. Once I use this feature, I can’t use it again until I finish a long rest.",
	usages : [1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3],
	recovery : "short rest",
}, "Optional 1st-level enlightened fist features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList["enlightened fist"].features["first lesson of the enlightened fist"], true, "Lessons of the Enlightened Fist", {
	name : "Lessons of the Enlightened Fist",
	extraname : "Alternate Enlightened Fist 2",
	source : [["ELHH", 62]],
	description : "\n   I learn mysterious techniques of the enlightened fist, developed by ancient enlightened fists who mastered the secrets of ki. I gain one of the following features of your choice. At 24th, 26th, and 28th level, I may choose an additional lesson from the options below.",
	extraname : "Lessons",
	extrachoices : ["Echoing Blows", "Energy Sense", "Harmonious Advance", "Karmic Reversal", "Ki Infusion", "Mystic Strikes", "Radiant Spirit Spell Shield", "Raging Ki Death Blow", "Roaring Dragon Style", "Seven-Sided Strike"],
	extraTimes : levels.map(function (n) {
		return n < 4 ? 1 : n < 6 ? 2 : n < 8 ? 3 : 4;
	}),
	"echoing blows" : {
		name : "Echoing Blows",
		description : "\n   " + "When a creature succeeds on a saving throw against my \"Stunning Strike\" feature, it takes thunder damage equal to my \"Martial Arts\" feature's damage dice.",
	},

	"energy sense" : {
		name : "Energy Sense",
		description : "\n   " + "I can detect the presence of ki within the world around me, granting me blindsight out to a range 300 feet. This sense persists even if I'm blinded, knocked unconscious, or otherwise incapacitated.",
		vision : [["Blindsight", 300]],
	},

	"harmonious advance" : {
		name : "Harmonious Advance",
		description : "\n   " + "When I use my \"Step of the Wind\" feature on my turn, until the end of that turn, I cannot have my speed reduced and are immune to all damage while I'm moving.",
	},

	"karmic reversal" : {
		name : "Karmic Reversal",
		description : "\n   " + "When I use my reaction via my Deflect Missiles feature to reduce the damage I take from a ranged weapon attack, I may spend 1 or more ki points to reduce the damage of the attack by 10 additional points for each ki point spent. If I reduce the damage of the attack to 0 with this feature, I regain the use of my reaction at the end of that turn.",
	},

	"ki infusion" : {
		name : "Ki Infusion",
		description : "\n   " + "As an action or bonus action, I may spend 7 ki points and infuse a willing creature within reach with my ki for 1 minute. When I do so, the target gains proficiency in a saving throw of my choice and becomes immune to disease and poison, immediately ending those conditions if ongoing.",
		action : ["action", "bonus action"],
	},

	"mystic strikes" : {
		name : "Mystic Strikes",
		description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can expend up to 3 ki points to grant my unarmed strikes and spell attacks a bonus to attack and damage rolls. The bonus equals the number of ki points I spent and lasts for 1 minute or until I use this feature again.",
		action : ["bonus action"],
	},

	"radiant spirit spell shield" : {
		name : "Radiant Spirit Spell Shield",
		description : "\n   " + "When I'm targeted by a spell, I may use my reaction to spend ki points equal to half the spell’s level (rounded down) to attempt to deflect the spell back at its caster. If the spell is an Epic Spell, I must spend 5 ki points to attempt to deflect a Tier 1 Epic Spell, 7 ki points to attempt to  deflect a Tier 2 Epic Spell, and 10 ki points to attempt to deflect aTier 3 Epic Spell. After I spend the necessary ki points, I must make a melee weapon attack as a part of that action to strike the magic. If the final result of the attack roll is greater than the caster’s spell save DC, the spell is reflected back at the caster and the caster becomes the target instead of me. On a failure, I'm affected by the spell normally.",
	},

	"raging ki death blow" : {
		name : "Raging Ki Death Blow",
		description : "\n   " + "As an action, I make a single weapon attack. If the attack hits, I must spend all of my ki points. The attack deals an additional 15 damage per ki point spent in this manner.",
		action : ["action"],
	},

	"roaring dragon style" : {
		name : "Roaring Dragon Style",
		description : "\n   " + "When I take the Dodge action, I may spend 3 ki points to gain the following benefits until the start of my next turn:\n   When I use my reaction to make a successful weapon attack, I regain the use of my reaction at the end of that turn.\n   My AC equals 10 + my Dexterity modifier + my Wisdom modifier + my proficiency bonus.",
	},

	"seven-sided strike" : {
		name : "Seven-Sided Strike",
		description : "\n   " + "As an action, I may spend 4 ki points to make a single melee weapon attack and record the final result of the attack and damage rolls. Each creature of my choice within 120 feet of me that I'm aware of with an AC lower than the result of that attack roll takes the damage equal to the amount dealt by the attack.",
		action : ["action"],
	},
}, "Alternate 2nd-level enlightened fist features");

ClassList["crusader"] = {

	name : "Crusader",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*crusader).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 47], ["ELHH", 65]],

	primaryAbility : "Constitution",

	prereqs : "20th level Paladin, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the For the Cause trial",

	die : 10,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Crusader") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Crusader") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Crusader starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	spellcastingFactor : 1,

	spellcastingKnown : {

		cantrips : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

		spells : [16, 16, 16, 16, 17, 17, 18, 18, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19],

		prepared : true,

	},

	spellcastingList : {

		class : "crusader",
	},

	spellcastingExtra : ["blade barrier", "harm", "heroes' feast", "sunbeam", "true seeing", "divine word", "plane shift", "resurrection", "holy aura", "sunburst", "foresight", "gate"],

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 48], ["ELHH", 67]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"sanctification" : {
			name : "Sanctification",
			source : ["ELCR", 48],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "On each of my turns, when I take certain actions or use certain features, I can choose to sanctify them with magical power for extraordinary benefits. Sanctified actions or features have the same action costs (if any) as their unsanctified counterparts, but gain the benefits detailed below according to what action or feature was sanctified in addition to their normal effects. I can use this feature once per turn, but gain more uses with level. I gain the ability to sanctify my Attack action, a use of my Channel Divinity feature, or a use of my Lay on Hands feature.\n   Sanctified Attack Action: When I sanctify my Attack action, I can attack three times instead of twice. If I choose to use my Divine Smite feature when I hit a creature with an attack made with a sanctified Attack action, the maximum number of extra radiant damage dice I can roll when you sacrifice a paladin or crusader spell slot increases from 5d8 to 10d8.\n   Sanctified Channel Divinity: When I sanctify a use of my Channel Divinity feature, it is considered a Deific effect for its duration. Additionally, when I use my Channel Divinity, I generate a number of special temporary spell slots equal to half my crusader level (rounded down, minimum of 1). These spell slots are 5th-level paladin spell slots and can be used in any manner I would use my ordinary spell slots. Existing temporary spell slots gained from this ability are lost if this ability is used again before the spell slots are expended. Unspent temporary spell slots are lost when I finish a short or long rest.\n   Sanctified Lay on Hands: When I sanctify a use of my Lay on Hands feature and restore a creature’s HP using that feature, I instead restore quadruple that amount of HP. Additionally, I increase the range at which I can affect a creature to 120 feet instead of touch. Effects that reduce or prevent healing cannot prevent or reduce healing from this feature. If I restore a creature to its HP maximum, I may take an additional action that turn.",
			additional : ["", "1 usage", "1 usage", "1 usage", "2 usages", "2 usages", "2 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages", "3 usages"],
		},

		"sanctified spells" : {
			name : "Sanctified Spells",
			source : ["ELCR", 49],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "When I cast a paladin or crusader spell with a casting time of an action or bonus action, I can sanctify that spell using one of my sanctifications that turn as a part of its casting time, granting it the following benefits in addition to its normal effects:\n   If the sanctified spell would target only one allied creature and doesn’t have a range of self, I can target an additional allied creature within range.\n   If the sanctified spell deals damage, it deals additional radiant or necrotic damage (my choice) depending on the level of spell slot used to cast the spell. The extra damage is 2d8 for a 1st-level spell slot, plus 1d8 for each spell level higher than 1st, to a maximum of 5d8.\n   Creatures attempt saving throws against the sanctified spell at Epic Disadvantage.\n   As a reaction, when a sanctified spell with a duration longer than instantaneous and a target of self ends, I may immediately cast that spell again, provided I have the necessary spell slots to do so. Spells cast in this manner are not sanctified spells.",
		},

		"epic sacred oath" : {
			name : "Epic Sacred Oath",
			source : [["ELCR", 49], ["ELHH", 68]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "While my crusades carry me across worlds through countless conflicts, my sacred oath continues to guide my hand. I gain the following features according to the sacred oath I took when I was advancing as a paladin. Additionally, when I use my Cleansing Touch feature, I can choose to sanctify it, granting it the following benefits in addition to its normal effects:\n   As a part of this action, I may cast a paladin or crusader spell with a casting time of an action or bonus action that targets only the target of my Cleansing Touch.",
			choices : ["Ancients", "Oathbreaker", "Conquest", "Crown", "Devotion", "Glory", "Redemption", "Shackles", "Vengeance", "Watchers"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"ancients" : {
				name : "Oath of the Ancients",
				description : "\n   " + "When I would make a melee weapon attack, I can forgo making that attack to instead mystically heal myself or a creature within reach by expending a single paladin or crusader spell slot. The target regains 2d8 HP for a 1st-level spell slot, plus 1d8 for each spell level higher than 1st. If I forgo an attack made with a sanctified Attack action when using this feature, roll an additional 1d8 for each spell level higher than 1st. Additionally, whenever me or an ally within 30 feet of me succeeds on a saving throw against Non-Epic spell or magical effect and would suffer an effect on a success, I instead suffer no effect.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sacred Oath (Ancients)",

					spells : ["conjure fey", "wall of thorns", "etherealness", "regenerate", "animal shapes", "true resurrection"],

					selection : ["conjure fey", "wall of thorns", "etherealness", "regenerate", "animal shapes", "true resurrection"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"oathbreaker" : {
				name : "Oathbreaker",
				description : "\n   " + "As a reaction when I kill a humanoid creature that still has a body, I may raise that creature as a zombie or skeleton under my command. I can command undead created with this feature verbally and are able to issue specific orders (no action required). Additionally, when I hit a creature with a melee weapon attack and expend a paladin spell slot using my Divine Smite paladin class feature to deal radiant damage to the target, I can choose to turn that attack into an Unholy Smite. When I do so, the damage dice granted by my Divine Smite feature become d12s and the attack deals necrotic damage instead of radiant damage.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sacred Oath (Oathbreaker)",

					spells : ["circle of death", "create undead", "finger of death", "teleport", "feeblemind", "power word kill"],

					selection : ["circle of death", "create undead", "finger of death", "teleport", "feeblemind", "power word kill"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"conquest" : {
				name : "Oath of Conquest",
				description : "\n   " + "If a creature within 30 feet of me is immune to the frightened condition, it is instead not immune to that condition and has Epic Advantage on saving throws against effects that cause the frightened condition. Additionally, when I score a critical hit on an enemy creature, each enemy creature of my choice that can see me must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw versus my spell save DC or become frightened. If the creature ends its turn in a space where I'm not within its line of sight, the effect ends.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sacred Oath (Conquest)",

					spells : ["disintegrate", "soul cage", "firestorm", "power word pain", "maddening darkness", "psychic scream"],

					selection : ["disintegrate", "soul cage", "firestorm", "power word pain", "maddening darkness", "psychic scream"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"crown" : {
				name : "Oath of the Crown",
				description : "\n   " + "As a reaction, when a creature within 30 feet of me takes damage, I can magically substitute my own health for that of the affected creature, causing that creature to take no damage. I take damage equal to the amount of damage the affected creature would have taken. Damage from this feature cannot be reduced or prevented in any way, and the feature doesn’t transfer any other effects that might accompany the damage, such as conditions or magical effects. Additionally, when I cast a spell that affects any number of allied creatures, the creatures become wreathed in magical energy until the end of their turns. While so wreathed, if the creature’s AC is lower than my AC, it instead has my AC.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sacred Oath (Crown)",

					spells : ["globe of invulnerability", "guards and wards", "magnificent mansion", "symbol", "power word stun", "mass heal"],

					selection : ["globe of invulnerability", "guards and wards", "magnificent mansion", "symbol", "power word stun", "mass heal"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"devotion" : {
				name : "Oath of Devotion",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast my paladin and crusader spells with a casting time of an action or bonus action as special holy rituals. When I cast a spell as a holy ritual, the spell’s casting time increases to 10 minutes but use of the spell does not expend a spell slot. A holy ritual cannot be cast at a higher level, but if I cast a spell as a holy ritual that is 4th level or lower, I instead cast it as though it were a 5th level spell. I must have the spell prepared to cast it as a holy ritual. Additionally, I grow a pair of magnificent feathered wings from my back, granting me a flying speed of 90 feet. If my wings are removed, they naturally grow back when I finish a long rest.",
				speed : {

					fly : { spd : 90, enc : 0 },
				},
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sacred Oath (Devotion)",

					spells : ["forbiddance", "planar ally", "conjure celestial", "sequester", "earthquake", "imprisonment"],

					selection : ["forbiddance", "planar ally", "conjure celestial", "sequester", "earthquake", "imprisonment"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"glory" : {
				name : "Oath of Glory",
				description : "\n   " + "When I score a hit with a melee weapon attack and expend a 9th-level crusader spell to use my \"Divine Smite\" feature, that hit instead becomes a critical hit. Additionally, I choose two ability scores, with my current and maximum for those scores increases by 2, to a maximum of 32.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sacred Oath (Glory)",

					spells : ["find the path", "move earth", "crown of stars", "regeneration", "earthquake", "power word heal"],

					selection : ["find the path", "move earth", "crown of stars", "regeneration", "earthquake", "power word heal"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"redemption" : {
				name : "Oath of Redemption",
				description : "\n   " + "While I'm not wearing armor, using a shield, or carrying weapons on my person, my armor class becomes 10 + my Dexterity modifier + my Charisma modifier + half my crusader level (rounded down). Additionally, when I would deal damage to a non-mythic creature, I can choose to instead deal no damage and impose a special effect that makes the creature more peaceful. The creature gains special points called tranquility points equal to the damage I would have dealt, and attacks and hostile abilities I use to grant a creature tranquility points are not considered attacks or hostile abilities. Tranquility points lasts until the creature finishes a short or long rest and are considered an Epic magical effect from an allied creature, even if I'm not allied with the affected creature. If a creature’s current HP become less than its tranquility point total, the creature is immediately overcome with feelings of peace and harmony for 24 hours, becoming friendly toward me and all other creatures it encounters. If in combat, the creature immediately ceases hostile activities toward other creatures. If the creature is attacked or affected with a hostile ability taken after it became peaceful, it defends itself but makes every effort to end combat and avoid harming the offending creature. An affected creature regrets its actions during combat and does its best to make amends for any actions it took that caused harm to others.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sacred Oath (Redemption)",

					spells : ["mental prison", "primordial ward", "forcecage", "project image", "antimagic field", "wish"],

					selection : ["mental prison", "primordial ward", "forcecage", "project image", "antimagic field", "wish"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"shackles" : {
				name : "Oath of Shackles",
				description : "\n   " + "Once per turn, when I deal damage to a creature with a melee weapon attack, I may choose to deal extra fire, necrotic, or psychic damage equal to my maximum HP. A creature slain by this damage cannot be returned to life by any means except those detailed in this feature's description. At the end of a turn in which I used this feature, I die a martyr’s death. If I'm restored to life after having died from this feature, a single creature of the DM's choice I have slain using this feature is no longer prevented from returning to life. Additionally, when I take a long rest, I can choose to not gain any benefit from that rest and instead let my entity deeper into my mind. Until I finish another long rest, I have advantage on all attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws, and attack rolls against me have disadvantage.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sacred Oath (Shackles)",

					spells : ["find the path", "flesh to stone", "symbol", "teleport", "mind blank", "gate"],

					selection : ["find the path", "flesh to stone", "symbol", "teleport", "mind blank", "gate"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"vengeance" : {
				name : "Oath of Vengeance",
				description : "\n   " + "Once per turn when I move, I may expend a paladin or crusader spell slot as a part of that movement to increase the distance my move by 10 feet per level of the spell slot expended. Additionally, when I hit a creature and expend a paladin spell or crusader slot via my Divine Smite paladin class feature to deal radiant damage, I may expend any number of spell slots to increase the damage of the Divine Smite feature by 2d8 for a 1st-level spell slot, plus 1d8 for each spell level higher than 1st, to a maximum of 10d8. If the hit was made with an attack from a sanctified Attack action, the maximum additional damage becomes 20d8 instead.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sacred Oath (Vengeance)",

					spells : ["find the path", "harm", "forcecage", "teleport", "mind blank", "storm of vengeance"],

					selection : ["find the path", "flesh to stone", "symbol", "teleport", "mind blank", "gate"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"watchers" : {
				name : "Oath of the Watchers",
				description : "\n   " + "I'm immune to the unconscious condition and no longer need to sleep (though I must still rest to recover my features). When I score a hit against a creature and expend a spell slot to use my \"Divine Smite\" feature, I may force the target to attempt a Charisma saving throw against my spell save DC. On a failure, the creature is branded as a trespasser and cursed for as long as it remains on this plane. A creature so cursed takes 6d12 force damage at the end of each of its turns if it is within 60 feet of me. If a creature succeeds on the saving throw, it is immune to this feature for 24 hours.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sacred Oath (Watchers)",

					spells : ["globe of invulnerability", "guards and wards", "dream of the blue veil", "forcecage", "antipathy/sympathy", "imprisonment"],

					selection : ["globe of invulnerability", "guards and wards", "dream of the blue veil", "forcecage", "antipathy/sympathy", "imprisonment"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},
		},

		"sanctified auras" : {
			name : "Sanctified Auras",
			source : ["ELCR", 51],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "I use my sanctifications to empower my auras granted by my paladin, crusader, and subclass features (such as Aura of Protection or Aura of Courage). This feature has no effect on spells that generate auras, such as aura of vitality or holy aura. When I sanctify my auras, I can get one of the following benefits and may spend an additional sanctification to gain both benefits:\n   Sanctification of the Bastion: Until the start of my next turn, friendly creatures within my auras reduce any damage taken an amount equal to my character level.\n   Sanctification of the Legion: Until the start of my next turn, the range of my auras increases to 1 mile. Additionally, when I speak, I can choose to allow creatures in my auras to hear me as clearly as though I were standing adjacent to them.",
		},

		"will of the crusader" : {
			name : "Will of the Crusader",
			source : ["ELCR", 51],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "On each of my turns, I may expend a use of my Sanctification feature to gain a special action that turn, called a crusading action. I can take any number of crusading actions in a turn, as long as I'm able to expend an equivalent amount of sanctification uses. A crusading action can be taken to cause one of the following effects:\n   Make a single weapon attack.\n   Cast a spell with a casting time of 1 action or 1 bonus action.\n   Use my Lay on Hands feature on a creature within range.\n   Use my Cleansing Touch feature on a creature within range.",
		},
	}
}

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.crusader.features["sanctification"], true, "Grand Crusade", {
	name : "Grand Crusade",
	extraname : "Optional Crusader 2",
	source : [["ELHH", 67]],
	description : "\n   When I roll initiative and are not surprised, I can choose to immediately produce one of the following benefits (no action required):\n   I move up to your base walking speed.\n   I use a non-Epic class feature I could ordinarily take as an action or bonus action.\n   I cast a non-Epic spell with a casting time of 1 action or bonus action that does not affect an enemy creature.\n   I take the Dodge, Hide, Search, or Use an Object action.\n   I use a magic item of legendary quality or lower that can be used as an action.\n   I gain resistance to a damage type of my choice until the end of my next turn.\n   I score a critical hit on a roll of 18–20 on my weapon attacks until the end of my next turn.\nAs I advance as a crusader, I learn to share these benefits with my allies. At 4th level, when I use my Grand Crusade feature, I can choose a friendly creature of my choice within 60 feet that I'm aware of to also gain those benefits. At 6th, 8th, and 10th level, I may grant those benefits to an additional friendly creature within range, to a maximum of four additional friendly creatures at 10th level. Once I use this feature, I must finish a short or long rest until I can use it again.",
	usages : 1,
	recovery : "short rest",
}, "Optional 2nd-level crusader features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.crusader.features["sanctification"], true, "Sacred Boons", {
	name : "Sacred Boons",
	extraname : "Alternate Crusader 2",
	source : [["ELHH", 67]],
	description : "\n   I'm imbued with sacred boons as a reward for my actions as a crusader. I gain my first boon at 2nd level, and I gain an additional boon at 4th, 6th, 8th, and 10th level. When I gain a boon, I can choose to permanently improve one of my paladin class features, transforming it into a sacred version of that feature.",
	extraname : "Sacred Boons",
	extrachoices : ["Sacred Auras", "Sacred Cleansing Touch", "Sacred Channel Divinity", "Sacred Divine Sense", "Sacred Divine Smite", "Sacred Lay on Hands", "Sacred Spellcasting"],
	extraTimes : levels.map(function (n) {
		return n < 4 ? 1 : n < 6 ? 2 : n < 8 ? 3 : n < 10 ? 4 : 5;
	}),
	"sacred auras" : {
		name : "Sacred Auras",
		description : "\n   " + "The radius of the auras granted by my paladin class and subclass features is increased to 120 feet.",
	},

	"sacred cleansing touch" : {
		name : "Sacred Cleansing Touch",
		description : "\n   " + "My \"Cleansing Touch\" feature can end Epic spells and magical effects.",
	},

	"sacred channel divinity" : {
		name : "Sacred Channel Divinity",
		description : "\n   " + "I can use my \"Channel Divinity\" feature a number of times equal to my proficiency bonus, and I regain all expended uses when I finish a long rest. Additionally, as a bonus action, I may use my Channel Divinity to regain a number of expended paladin or crusader spell slots whose combined spell level is no greater than 8th level.",
	},

	"sacred divine sense" : {
		name : "Sacred Divine Sense",
		description : "\n   " + "I may use my Divine Sense feature as a bonus action. Additionally, I can perceive creatures detected via my \"Divine Sense\" as though I had blindsight, and I have Epic Advantage on attacks against creatures I perceive in this manner.",
	},

	"sacred divine smite" : {
		name : "Sacred Divine Smite",
		description : "\n   " + "My \"Divine Smite's\" maximum extra damage gained from spell slots is increased to 11d8.",
	},

	"sacred lay on hands" : {
		name : "Sacred Lay on Hands",
		description : "\n   " + "My pool of healing power for my Lay on Hands feature is quadrupled. Additionally, I can expend 100 HP from my pool of healing to touch a creature slain within the last hour and restore it to life with 100 HP or its HP maximum, whichever is less.",
	},

	"sacred spellcasting" : {
		name : "Sacred Spellcasting",
		description : "\n   " + "When I take the Attack action for the first time on my turn, I may forgo making an attack with that action to instead cast a spell with a casting time of 1 action or bonus action.",
	},
}, "Alternate 2nd-level enlightened fist features");

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.crusader.features["will of the crusader"], true, "Will of the Crusader (Revised)", {
	name : "Will of the Crusader (Revised)",
	extraname : "Alternate Crusader 10",
	source : [["ELHH", 70]],
	description : "\n   When I use my \"Grand Crusade\" feature, I may choose to instead gain and grant two benefits. Additionally, when I use my \"Grand Crusade\" feature, I do not need to finish a short or long rest before I can use it again.",
}, "Alternate 10th-level crusader features");

ClassList["slayer"] = {

	name : "Slayer",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*slayer).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 47], ["ELHH", 71]],

	primaryAbility : "Dexterity",

	prereqs : "20th level Ranger, slay an Epic Foe, and complete The Great Hunt trial",

	die : 10,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Slayer") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Slayer") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Slayer starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 52], ["ELHH", 72]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"nemesis" : {
			name : "Nemesis",
			source : [["ELCR", 52], ["ELHH", 72]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "At the start of each of my turns, I may designate a single creature I can see to be my nemesis. I may treat my nemesis as though it were one of my favored enemies for as long as it is alive or until I go one continuous month without tracking or seeing my nemesis. I can only have a single nemesis at a time and may only designate a new nemesis at the start of each of my turns. Additionally, when I hit a favored enemy with a weapon attack, I double the amount of weapon damage dice rolled.",
		},

		"ultimate predator" : {
			name : "Ultimate Predator",
			source : [["ELCR", 52], ["ELHH", 73]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I gain the ability to generate special dice from hunting my prey, called slayer dice, which are d12s. Slayer dice represent my escalating expertise in fighting certain enemies over time as I steadily gain the advantage in battle. I can have a maximum number of slayer dice according to the Slayer Dice maximum. When I finish a long rest, any unspent slayer dice are lost. At the end of each of my turns in which I'm in combat with a favored enemy, I may generate a number of slayer dice according to my level. Slayer dice can be spent in the following ways:\n   Slayer's Defense: When I take damage from a favored enemy, I may roll any number of my slayer dice and reduce the damage by the amount rolled. I must declare how many slayer dice you intend to roll before doing so.\n   Slayer's Magic: When a favored enemy I can see attempts a saving throw against one of my spells, I may use my reaction to roll a single slayer die and increase the DC of that saving throw by the amount rolled.\n   Slayer's Strike: When I deal damage to one or more favored enemies with a successful weapon attack or spell, I may roll any number of my slayer dice to deal additional damage equal to the amount rolled to all affected favored enemies.",
			additional : ["", "10d12 / 2 Slayer Dice Generations", "12d12 / 3 Slayer Dice Generations", "12d12 / 4 Slayer Dice Generations", "14d12 / 5 Slayer Dice Generations", "14d12 / 6 Slayer Dice Generations", "16d12 / 7 Slayer Dice Generations", "16d12 / 8 Slayer Dice Generations", "18d12 / 9 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations", "20d12 / 10 Slayer Dice Generations"],
		},

		"legendary survivalist" : {
			name : "Legendary Survivalist",
			source : [["ELCR", 53], ["ELHH", 73]],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "If I spend 1 hour traveling or interacting with an environment and the environment is not artificial, I become immune to the average weather and environmental effects of that environment. This allows me to find adequate sustenance, breathe, and thrive as though I was a native of that environment. For example, a slayer adventuring in the hells may use this feature to become immune to the sulfurous toxic fumes of a vile swamp or the supernaturally frigid cold of a desolate glacier. However, this effect does not protect me from magical effects in the environment or other intentionally harmful environmental manipulations (such as those generated by a creature's lair actions).",
		},

		"slayer's expertise" : {
			name : "Slayer's Expertise",
			source : ["ELCR", 53],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "When I roll a 1 on a slayer die, I can reroll the die and must use the new roll. Additionally, when I cast a ranger spell that requires concentration, I no longer need to concentrate on the spell to maintain its effects for the duration.",
		},

		"epic ranger archetype" : {
			name : "Epic Ranger Archetype",
			source : [["ELCR", 53], ["ELHH", 74]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "While I can hunt down and slay almost any foe with ease, my specialization allows me to do so in unique and terrifying ways. I gain the following features according to the ranger archetype I selected when I was advancing as a ranger.",
			choices : ["Beast Master", "Drakewarden", "Fey Wanderer", "Gloom Stalker", "Horizon Walker", "Hunter", "Monster Slayer", "Swarmkeeper", "Trophy Collector"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"beast master" : {
				name : "Beast Master",
				description : "\n   " + "While I'm alive, when my beast companion would be reduced to 0 HP, it instead is reduced to 1 HP. Additionally, when my beast companion hits a creature that is one of my favored enemies with a weapon attack, until the end of my next turn, the next successful weapon attack I make against that creature scores a critical hit.",
			},

			"drakewarden" : {
				name : "Drakewarden",
				description : "\n   " + "My bond with my draconic spirit is unshakable, allowing me to fight and adventure together in perfect symbiosis, granting me the following benefits:\n   Me and my drake take our turns simultaneously.\n   My drake is an Epic creature.\n   While I'm mounted on my drake, I cannot be forcibly dismounted or magically teleported unless I allow it.\n   My drake can expend my slayer dice via my \"Ultimate Predator\" feature to grant itself the benefits of the Slayer's Defense and Slayer's Strike options.",
			},

			"fey wanderer" : {
				name : "Fey Wanderer",
				description : "\n   " + "When I magically teleport, I become imbued with mystical fey energies until the end of that turn. While so imbued, my weapon attacks ignore all forms of cover and can pass through solid objects as though they did not exist.",
			},

			"gloom stalker" : {
				name : "Gloom Stalker",
				description : "\n   " + "Unless I choose to reveal myself, I have a passive Stealth score equal to 10 + my Dexterity modifier + my proficiency bonus + any special modifiers. I'm always considered hidden for as long as I meet the necessary requirements to be so (such as cover, lack of line of sight, etc.). Effects that would cause me to no longer be hidden (such as attacking or casting a spell) suppress this effect until the start of my next turn. I may still take the hide action to attempt to roll a Stealth ability check higher than my passive Stealth. Additionally, I can use my \"Hide in Plain Sight\" feature as an action instead of taking 1 minute, and I may move a quarter of my speed while hidden in that manner without losing its benefits.",
			},

			"horizon walker" : {
				name : "Horizon Walker",
				description : "\n   " + "At the start of each of my turns, I can open a single portal in an unoccupied space I can see within 10 feet of a favored enemy. I can make weapon attacks against that favored enemy as though I were in the space the portal occupies as my blows strike through the portal's aperture. The portal lasts for 1 minute and is an Epic magical effect that I must concentrate on to maintain its effect for the duration. The portal can appear across any distance or planar boundary as long as I'm able to see my target and immediately ends if I become unable to see the space the portal occupies.",
			},

			"hunter" : {
				name : "Hunter",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain two of the following features of my choice, one from each category:\n   Sentinel:\n     Extra Attack: When I take the Attack action, I can make an additional attack as a part of that action.\n     Shatterpoint: Favored enemies cannot be resistant or immune to damage dealt by me.\n   Legendary Resistane:\n     Cunning Tactics: I gain a bonus to my Armor Class equal to my Wisdom modifier.\n     Healing Surge: As a bonus action, I can spend my Hit Dice to regain HP as though I had instantly taken a short rest.",
			},

			"monster slayer" : {
				name : "Monster Slayer",
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can prepare my next weapon attack against a single favored enemy I see. When I make this weapon attack against that creature and score a hit, the target must attempt a Constitution saving throw versus my spell save DC. On a failure, a creature with 200 HP or fewer dies instantly. For every increment of 5 the creature fails this saving throw, the HP threshold to be slain instantly increases by 100 (for example, a dragon with 400 HP that rolled a total of 9 on its saving throw against a DC of 20 would be slain instantly). If a creature has too many HP to be slain instantly even if it rolls a 1 on its saving throw, it automatically succeeds instead. On a successful saving throw, the creature takes an additional 20d10 damage as a part of the attack. If the attack misses, the effect is wasted. If I do not make a weapon attack against the target creature within 1 minute of using this feature, the benefit is lost. Once I have used this feature, I must finish a long rest before I can use it again.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
				action : ["bonus action"]
			},

			"swarmkeeper" : {
				name : "Swarmkeeper",
				description : "\n   " + "When I hit a creature with a weapon attack for the first time on a turn or affect a creature with a spell for the first time on a turn, I can choose to inflict a portion of my swarm on it. A creature so afflicted takes 4d6 piercing damage at the end of each of its turns. This effect is cumulative, and creatures reduced to 0 HP by this damage are skeletonized. This effect ends early if you are slain or if an affected creature is ever farther than 500 feet from me.",
			},

			"trophy collector" : {
				name : "Trophy Collector",
				description : "\n   " + "The benefits of a trophy gained from my Harvest Trophy feature are retained for 1 year or until I replace it with another trophy. Additionally, when I use my Harvest Trophy feature on a mythic creature, the trophy I create grants the following benefits in addition to the normal benefits conferred by my Harvest Trophy feature.",
			},
		},

		"huntmaster" : {
			name : "Huntmaster",
			source : [["ELCR", 54], ["ELHH", 75]],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "The time required for me to finish a long rest is halved. Additionally, when I finish a long rest, instead of losing all of my current slayer dice, I instead lose half my current slayer dice (rounded up). I cannot finish a long rest and maintain more slayer dice than half my maximum slayer dice using this feature.",
		},

		"dread slayer" : {
			name : "Dread Slayer",
			source : [["ELCR", 54], ["ELHH", 75]],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "I have Epic Advantage on attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks against my favored enemies.",
		},
	}
}

ClassList["grifter"] = {

	name : "Grifter",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*grifter).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 55], ["ELHH", 76]],

	primaryAbility : "All",

	prereqs : "20th level Rouge, slay an Epic Foe, and complete The Great Game trial",

	die : 10,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Grifter") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Grifter") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Grifter starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 56], ["ELHH", 77]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"cheap shot" : {
			name : "Cheap Shot",
			source : [["ELCR", 56], ["ELHH", 77]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "Once per turn, when I make a weapon attack against a creature I may add either my Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma modifier to the attack and damage rolls.",
		},

		"epic rouge" : {
			name : "Epic Rouge",
			source : [["ELCR", 56], ["ELHH", 77]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "My roguish abilities continue to improve, granting me the following benefits:\n   Epic Skills: I may gain proficiency in a single skill of my choice or double my proficiency bonus for any ability check I make for a skill in which I'm proficient in. I gain the benefits of the feature again at 24th, 26th, 28th, and 30th level.\n   Epic Sneak Attack: When I use my Sneak Attack rogue feature, the amount of extra damage increases as I gain levels in this class. This amount of extra damage includes extra damage gained from my Sneak Attack feature from when I was advancing as a rogue.",
			additional : ["", "11d6", "12d6", "13d6", "14d6", "15d6", "16d6", "17d6", "18d6", "19d6", "19d6", "19d6", "19d6", "19d6", "19d6", "19d6", "19d6", "19d6", "19d6", "19d6"],
		},

		"extraordinary talents" : {
			name : "Extraordinary Talents",
			source : ["ELCR", 56],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "When I finish a long rest I may select a single skill in which I'm proficient, gaining the following benefits until I finish a long rest:\n   When I would roll a 14 or lower when making an ability check using that skill, I instead roll a 15. Additionally, once per turn if I'm not incapacitated, I may attempt a single ability check using that skill (no action required).",
		},

		"reality grifting" : {
			name : "Reality Grifting",
			source : [["ELCR", 56], ["ELHH", 77]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I begin mastering extraordinary roguish talents that test the limits of what is physically possible. This talent is called grifting and is tied to my proficiency in certain skills. When I would deal damage to a creature on an attack that benefits from my Sneak Attack rogue class feature, I can choose to turn that attack into a combo by applying my proficiency in a skill to the attack. Doing so augments the Sneak Attack with the benefits afforded by the combo. I cannot use a combo with an associated skill in which I'm not proficient in.",
			toNotesPage : [{
				name : "Grifting Combos",
				source : [["ELCR", 57], ["ELHH", 80]],
				popupName : "Grifting Combos",
				note : "\n   Strength Combos:\n     Athletics Combo: Momentous Strikes: When I use this combo on a creature, I may spend 60 feet or more of movement to make an additional weapon attack for every 60 feet of movement spent.\n   Dexterity Combos:\n     Acrobatics Combo: Bestride: When I use this combo on a creature at least two size categories larger than me, I may attempt to immediately leap onto the creature by spending all of my movement to move toward the creature. If I'm able to enter the creature’s space as a part of that movement, I can leap atop the creature. While bestride the creature I can move around its body as long as I remain completely within its space, which is considered difficult terrain. Additionally, I have Epic Advantage on attacks against the creature, and the creature has Epic Disadvantage on attacks against me. When the creature moves, I move with the creature. The creature can attempt to shake me off by taking an action to attempt a Athletics ability check contested by your Acrobatics ability, throwing me off on a success.\n     Sleight of Hand Combo: Filch: When I use this combo on a creature, I may attempt to steal something from the creature as a part of the attack. If the creature is holding a weapon or object or carrying an object that I'm aware of, I may attempt to disarm or steal a single weapon or object. I attempt a Sleight of Hand ability check contested by the creature’s Athletics check if I'm attempting to disarm it or contested by its Perception check if I'm attempting to steal from it. If successful and I'm able to carry the stolen item (requiring the necessary carrying capacity and a free hand), it enters my possession. Otherwise, it falls to the ground.\n     When I use this combo on a creature and were hidden when I made the attack, I may immediately attempt a Stealth ability check contested by a Perception ability check from the target. If I succeed, I remain hidden from that creature, though it may still be able to determine from what direction the attack came at the DM’s discretion.\n   Intelligence Combos:\n     Arcana Combo: Spellbreaker: When I use this combo on a creature that is concentrating on one or more spells or magical effects, it immediately loses concentration on any Non-Epic spells or magical effects it is currently concentrating on and has Epic Disadvantage on saving throws to maintain concentration until the start of its next turn.\n     History Combo: Hidden Wounds: When I use this combo on a creature, I can instead deal no damage and leave the creature with a hidden wound. Record the amount of damage you would have dealt with the attack and designate a period of time up to 24 hours from the time when I damaged the creature with the attack. At that time, the creature takes the damage from the attack that I recorded as the effects of the wound finally manifest, along with any additional effects that would accompany the attack (such as poison or magical effects). Creatures without anatomy (such as oozes) are immune to the effects of this combo. To an affected creature, it appears as though the attack miraculously did no damage on a hit. A hidden wound can be detected by a successful Medicine ability check against a DC equal to my character level.\n     Investigation Combo: Exploit Vulnerability: When I use this combo on a creature, the creature’s AC is 10 for the next attack made against it before the start of my next turn.\n     Nature Combo: Savage Rending: When I use this combo on a creature, the creature suffers a grievous wound. A creature with a grievous wound loses 2d12 hit points at the start of each of its turns, and each time I use this combo and deal damage to a creature with a grievous wound, the damage increases by 2d12. A creature that regains 20 or more HP reduces the damage dice of the grievous wound by 1d12 for every 20 points it regains. If a grievous wound’s damage dice are reduced to zero, the effect ends.\n     Religion Combo: Profane Strike: When I use this combo on a celestial, fey, or fiend, the creature must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw with a DC equal to my character level or be stunned until the start of its next turn.\n   Wisdom Combos:\n     Animal Handling Combo: Pack Tactics: When I use this combo on a creature, the creature provokes an opportunity attack from each ally within reach. Allies have Epic advantage on opportunity attacks made in this manner.\n     Insight Combo: Deadly Instincts: When I use this combo on a creature, until the end of its next turn the next time the creature attempts a Strength, Dexterity, or Constitution saving throw, it automatically fails that saving throw.\n     Medicine Combo: Surgical Precision: When I use this combo on a creature, I may instead deal half damage and the creature becomes either blinded or deafened. The creature can take an action to attempt a Medicine check with a DC equal to your character level, ending the effect on a success. This effect ends if a creature regains 50 or more HP.\n     Perception Combo: Deadly Accuracy: When I use this combo on a creature, the creature cannot be resistant or immune to damage from the attack.\n     Survival Combo: Gouging Blow: When I use this combo on a creature, its maximum HP is reduced by an equivalent amount. This effect lasts until a creature is subjected to magical healing from an Epic Spell or magical effect, or finishes a long rest.\n   Charisma Combos:\n     Deception Combo: Deceptive Wager: When I use this combo on a creature, I may attempt a Deception ability check contested by the creature’s Insight ability check. If I succeed, I gain an additional bonus action that turn. This bonus action can only be used to take a Cunning Action.\n     Intimidation Combo: Traumatic Injury: When I use this combo on a creature, I may attempt a Intimidation ability check contested by the creature’s Insight ability check. If I succeed, until the end of its next turn when the creature would target me with an attack, spell, or feature it must instead target another enemy creature within range. If there are no other enemy creatures within range, it may target me normally.\n     Performance Combo: Whirling Dervish: When I use this combo on a creature, I may immediately spend movement to increase my Armor Class as I dance evasively. Until the start of my next turn, I gain a +1 bonus to my AC for every 20 feet of movement spent.\n     Persuasion Combo: Lethal Threat: When I use this combo on a creature, I may instead deal no damage and attempt a Persuasion ability check contested by the creature's Insight ability check. If I succeed, the creature becomes frightened of me and will not willingly be hostile toward me and my allies for as long as it remains frightened of me. If me or my allies damage the creature or affect it with a hostile ability, it is no longer frightened of me and is immune to the effects of this combo for 24 hours. Creatures with legendary actions and mythic creatures are immune to this effect.",
			}],
		},

		"cut deep" : {
			name : "Cut Deep",
			source : [["ELCR", 56], ["ELHH", 77]],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "When I score a hit against a creature and the attack roll exceeds my target’s AC by 10 or more, it deals double damage. If the attack already would deal double damage, it instead deals quadruple damage.",
		},

		"epic roguish archetype" : {
			name : "Epic Roguish Archetype",
			source : [["ELCR", 53], ["ELHH", 77]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "While I can hunt down and slay almost any foe with ease, my specialization allows me to do so in unique and terrifying ways. I gain the following features according to the ranger archetype I selected when I was advancing as a ranger.",
			choices : ["Arcane Trickster", "Assassin", "Fatestealer", "Inqusitive", "Mastermind", "Phantom", "Scout", "Soulknife", "Swashbuckler", "Thief"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"arcane trickster" : {
				name : "Arcane Trickster",
				description : "\n   " + "I can use my Cunning Action to cast a Non-Epic spell of 1st level or higher with a casting time of 1 action.",
			},

			"assassin" : {
				name : "Assassin",
				description : "\n   " + "A creature slain by my weapon attacks cannot be returned to life, except by Deific means. Additionally, when I take the hide action on my turn and no other actions, my next attack against a creature from which I'm hidden treats the target as though it were surprised for the purposes of benefiting from my Assassin subclass features.",
			},

			"fatestealer" : {
				name : "Fatestealer",
				description : "\n   " + "My lucky dice become d20s. Additionally, when I roll a lucky die, I can make a wager with the universe as to the outcome before the result of the total roll is determined. I can choose to bet that the rolled lucky dice will cause the affected roll to succeed or fail. If I guessed the result successfully and my use of my Stroke of Luck rogue feature is expended, I regain the use of that feature.",
			},

			"inqusitive" : {
				name : "Inqusitive",
				description : "\n   " + "When I roll initiative, I can immediately analyze a number of creatures I can see equal to my Wisdom modifier. I learn each of those creatures' AC, ability scores, and saving throw proficiencies.",
			},

			"mastermind" : {
				name : "Mastermind",
				description : "\n   " + "As a reaction, when an ally that can hear or see me and is benefiting from a help action provided by me hits a creature with an attack, I may add my Sneak Attack damage to that attack’s damage.",
				action : ["reaction"]
			},

			"phantom" : {
				name : "Phantom",
				description : "\n   " + "As a reaction, when I deal 100 or more damage in a single instance to a creature with a soul, I may choose to reap some of its essence. When I do so, the creature instead takes no damage and has its HP maximum reduced by twice the damage that would have been dealt (before the target's resistances and immunities are applied), and it loses proficiency in a saving throw of my choice. This HP maximum reduction lasts for 24 hours. Once a creature has been affected in this manner, it cannot be affected again until 24 hours have passed.",
				action : ["reaction"]
			},

			"scout" : {
				name : "Scout",
				description : "\n   " + "At the start of each of my turns, I may halve my speed for that turn to engage in a hit-and-run style of combat known as skirmishing. Until the end of that turn, while skirmishing, the damage dice of my Sneak Attack rogue and grifter feature become d8s instead of d6s.",
			},

			"soulknife" : {
				name : "Soulknife",
				description : "\n   " + "When I would expend one of my Psionic Energy dice granted by my subclass features, I may roll the dice, record the result, and charge myself with psionic energy for up to 1 hour. This effect is cumulative, adding to the charge of psionic energy each time the dice are rolled. When I score a hit against a creature, I can choose to expend this energy, dealing additional psychic damage equal to the charge stored.",
			},

			"swashbuckler" : {
				name : "Swashbuckler",
				description : "\n   " + "As a reaction when I'm attacked by a creature I can see, I may attempt to parry the attack by making a single melee weapon attack. If the result of my attack roll is greater than the result of the incoming attack roll, the triggering attack misses and I may make a single melee weapon attack against the source of the attack (if within range) at Epic Advantage.",
				action : ["reaction"]
			},

			"thief" : {
				name : "Thief",
				description : "\n   " + "Once per turn, at the start of each of my turns, I may gain one level of exhaustion to take an additional action that turn.",
			},
		},

		"perfect blade" : {
			name : "Perfect Blade",
			source : [["ELCR", 57], ["ELHH", 80]],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "I cannot have disadvantage or Epic Disadvantage on attack rolls made with weapons with which I'm proficient in.",
		},

		"ultimate evasion" : {
			name : "Ultimate Evasion",
			source : [["ELCR", 57], ["ELHH", 80]],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "When I succeed on a saving throw and would suffer an effect on a success, I instead suffer no effect.",
		},
	}
}

ClassList["archon"] = {

	name : "Archon",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*archon).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 59], ["ELHH", 82]],

	primaryAbility : "Charisma",

	prereqs : "20th level Sorcerer, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the Metamorphosis trial",

	die : 6,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Archon") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Archon") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Archon starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	spellcastingFactor : 2,

	spellcastingKnown : {

		cantrips : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

		spells : [0, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10],

		prepared : true,

	},

	spellcastingList : {

		class : "archon",

		level : [1, 3],

		ritual : false,
	},

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 60], ["ELHH", 83]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"arcane lifeblood" : {
			name : "Arcane Lifeblood",
			source : [["ELCR", 60], ["ELHH", 83]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "My \"Flexible Casting\" sorcerer class feature expands to accommodate my power, allowing me to create spell slots for some of my most powerful spells according to the following table:\n   6th level spell slots   9 sorcery points\n   7th level spell slots   11 sorcery points\n   8th level spell slots   13 sorcery points",
		},

		"sorcerous supremacy" : {
			name : "Sorcerous Supremacy",
			source : [["ELCR", 60], ["ELHH", 83]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I choose two options from the following list. I can choose two options from the list again at 24th, 26th, 28th, and 30th level. I cannot choose the same option twice per level but can choose an option I have selected at lower levels.\n   Epic Metamagic: I gain one Epic Metamagic option of my choice.\n   Expanded Sorcery Points: My sorcery points maximum increases by 5.\n   Sorcerous Power: I gain two Metamagic options of my choice from the options presented in the Metamagic sorcerer class feature.\n   I learn three Non-Epic spells from the sorcerer spell list. Each of these spells must be of a level for which I have spell slots for.",
			toNotesPage : [{
				name : "Epic Metamagic",
				source : [["ELCR", 61], ["ELHH", 84]],
				popupName : "Epic Metamagic Description",
				note : "\nEpic Metamagic represents my ability to manipulate spells I cast, improving their effects in an Epic capacity. I can use only one Epic Metamagic option on a Non-Epic spell or Epic spell when I cast it, though I may use both an Epic Metamagic option and sorcerer Metamagic option simultaneously on a Non-Epic spell. As I wield Epic Metamagic, my body struggles to handle the huge volume of magical power that flows through it. When I successfully cast a spell with an Epic Metamagic option, I generate levels of a special condition called overload. This condition is measured in six levels. An Epic Metamagic option can give me one or more levels of overload, as specified in the Epic Metamagic option's description. I cannot use an Epic Metamagic option if doing so would increase my levels of overload above 6.\n   Level   Effect\n   1       Creatures have Epic disadvantage on ability checks to counter or dispel my spells.\n   2       If a cantrip I can cast increases its damage according to my character level, it gains an additional damage increase if I'm 22nd level, and again at 29th level.\n   3       I halve the sorcery point costs (to a minimum of 1) of my Metamagic options.\n   4       I'm immune to the effects of my spells unless I wish to be affected.\n   5       When I cast a spell of 4th level or lower, I may instead treat that spell as if it were cast at 5th level.\n   6       When I gain this level, my body instantly erupts in a massive blast of arcane energy. Each creature in a 60-foot radius centered on me must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw with a DC equal to your spell save DC or take 1d8 arcane damage for each character level I possess. I automatically fail this saving throw and take damage from this feature. If I'm reduced to 0 hit points from this damage, my body is disintegrated. If I'm slain by the feature, I cannot be returned to life by non-Deific means for 24 hours. This effect occurs once each time I gain my 6th level of overload, and levels of overload cannot be increased beyond 6.\nI can remove levels of overload only in the following ways:\n   When I finish a long rest, I reduce my levels of overload to 0 and any corresponding conditions end.\n   I can spend 10 minutes in focused meditation to reduce my levels of overload by 3. Once I have done so, I must finish a long rest before you can do so again.\nIf I change my form into that of another creature, I retain any levels of overload I had in my original form. If I die and are returned to life, I have the same levels of overload I had when I died.",
			}, {
				name : "Epic Metamagic",
				source : [["ELCR", 61], ["ELHH", 84]],
				popupName : "Epic Metamagic Options",
				note : "\n   Annihilating Spell: When I cast a spell that deals damage, I may gain 3 levels of overload if the spell was an Epic spell, or 2 levels of overload if the spell was a Non-Epic spell, to deal maximum damage with that spell on all of its damage dice.\n   Chain Spell: When I cast a spell that targets only one creature and doesn't have a range of touch, I can gain 2 levels of overload if the spell was a Non-Epic spell, or 3 levels of overload if the spell was an Epic spell. When I do so, I can target up to three additional creatures within range with the same spell. I can use this Epic Metamagic option multiple times in a single spell cast, allowing me to target additional creatures with the spell.\n   Eternal Spell: When I cast a spell with a duration of 1 minute or longer, I can gain 2 levels of overload if the spell was a Non-Epic spell, or 3 levels of overload if the spell was an Epic spell. When I do so, I increase the spell's duration to permanent and no longer need to concentrate on the spell to maintain its effects for the duration (when applicable). While the spell is in effect, my levels of overload cannot be reduced below 2 if the spell was a Non-Epic spell, or 3 if the spell was an Epic spell. A spell affected by this Epic Metamagic option immediately ends if I use this Epic Metamagic option again on a different spell.\n   Instant Spell: When I cast a spell with a casting time of 1 action or bonus action, I may gain 2 levels of overload to cast the spell instantly without expending either action.\n   Precise Spell: When I cast a spell that affects other creatures that I can see, I can gain 1 level of overload to make any number of affected creatures of my choice immune to the effects of that spell.\n   Secret Spell: When I cast a spell, I can gain 1 level of overload to remove the need for somatic or verbal components to cast that spell. If I were hidden or invisible when I cast the spell, I'm neither revealed nor rendered visible by casting the spell. A creature may still determine my presence and space I occupy based on the effects of the spell.\n   Sequestered Spell: When I cast a spell, I may gain 1 level of overload to magically perceive all creatures and objects in a 120-foot radius centered on me, including hidden ones. I may then cast the spell from any space within the area as though I were in that space.\n   Unyielding Spell: When I cast a spell that forces one or more creatures to attempt a saving throw, I may gain 2 levels of overload to force all affected creatures to fail their first saving throw made against that spell.",
			}],
		},

		"spell cycling" : {
			name : "Spell Cycling",
			source : [["ELCR", 62], ["ELHH", 85]],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can expend one Epic spell slot and gain a number of special temporary sorcery points. These temporary sorcery points can be used in the same manner as my normal sorcery points, but do not count toward the maximum number of sorcery points I can have. I can never have a number of temporary sorcery points greater than my character level. I gain 12 temporary sorcery points from a Tier 1 Epic spell slot, 15 from a Tier 2 Epic spell slot, and 19 from a Tier 3 Epic spell slot. When I finish a long rest, temporary sorcery points gained from this feature are lost.",
			action : ["bonus action"]
		},

		"epic sorcerous origin" : {
			name : "Epic Sorcerous Origin",
			source : [["ELCR", 62], ["ELHH", 86]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "My bloodline allows me to master secrets of Epic power from my ancestry. These secrets take the form of special benefits and an Epic Metamagic unique to my ancestry. I gain the following features according to the sorcerous origin I selected as a sorcerer.",
			choices : ["Aberrant Mind", "Bloodcaller", "Clockwork Soul", "Divine Soul", "Draconic Bloodline", "Shadow Magic", "Storm Sorcery", "Wild Magic"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"aberrant mind" : {
				name : "Aberrant Mind",
				description : "\n   " + "When I deal psychic damage to a creature I'm aware of within 300 feet of me, I may expend any number of sorcery points and deal 1d6 psychic damage to the target for each sorcery point I expend. If this damage reduces the target to 0 HP, its mind is destroyed. Once I use this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a long rest. Additionally, I learn the Egotist Spell Epic Metamagic.\n   Egotist Spell: When I cast a spell with a duration greater than instantaneous, I can gain one level of overload to cause the spell to persist for its entire duration unless I choose to end it or my concentration is broken (when applicable). The spell otherwise cannot be ended by spells, magical effects, or other features until its entire duration has passed.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
			},

			"bloodcaller" : {
				name : "Bloodcaller",
				description : "\n   " + "I add the Epic spell bloodbane to my Epic spells known, which does not count against my number of Epic spells known. Additionally, I gain a special type of vision called bloodsight out to 60 feet. Bloodsight allows me to perceive flesh-and-blood creatures within range, automatically detecting such creatures even if they would ordinarily be invisible or imperceptible to me. Finally, I learn the Detonating Spell Epic Metamagic.\n   Detonating Spell: When I cast a spell that kills a flesh-and-blood creature on the turn on which I cast it, I may gain 2 levels of overload to cause the creature’s body to explode in a shower of giblets and chunks. Each creature within 30 feet of the target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw versus my spell save DC or lose HP equal to the maximum HP of the target, or half as much on a success.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sorcerous Origin (Bloodcaller)",

					spells : ["bloodbane"],

					selection : ["bloodbane"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"clockwork soul" : {
				name : "Clockwork Soul",
				description : "\n   " + "When I roll a die of any size as a result of casting a spell, I may choose to roll its average before its results are known, according to the Clockwork Soul Die Rolls table.\n   Dice Size   Average Result\n   d4          3\n   d6          4\n   d8          5\n   d10         6\n   d12         7\n   d20         11\nAdditionally, I learn the Automatic Spell Epic Metamagic.\n   Automatic Spell: When I cast a spell with a duration greater than instantaneous that requires me take actions to produce its effects (such as the telekinesis spell), I can instead produce one of those effects once automatically on each of my turns (no action required).",
			},

			"divine soul" : {
				name : "Divine Soul",
				description : "\n   " + "When my Epic Spellcasting feature lets me learn or replace an archon Epic spell, I can choose the new spell from the ascendant Epic spell list. I must otherwise obey all the restrictions for selecting the Epic spell, and it becomes an archon spell for me. Additionally, the affinity I chose for my Divine Magic sorcerer feature determines a special Epic spell for me, as shown in the following table. I may cast this Epic spell as a Tier 2 Epic spell without expending an Epic spell slot, and it does not count against my number of Epic spells known. Once I have used this feature, I can't use it again until you finish a long rest.\n   Good Alingment: genesis\n   Evil Alingment: catastrophe\n   Lawful Alingment: determinism\n   Chaotic Alingment: prismatic deluge\n   Neutral Alingment: congruous spellward\nFinally, I learn the Holistic Spell Epic Metamagic.\n   Holistic Spell: When I cast a spell that deals damage, I may gain 2 levels of overload to cause a number of creatures equal to my Charisma modifier affected by the spell to instead take no damage, and regain a number of HP equal to the damage they would have taken.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Sorcerous Origin (Divine Soul)",

					spells : ["genesis", "catastrophe", "determinism", "prismatic deluge", "congruous spellward"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"draconic bloodline" : {
				name : "Draconic Bloodline",
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I can spend 16 sorcery points to transform myself into a mighty dragon that is the same type as my draconic ancestry. The statistics of my new form replace my current statistics when applicable, and I gain 400 temporary HP. This form of temporary HP cannot be replaced by temporary HP from another source and I revert to my original form when I have no more temporary HP or when I die. While I'm in this form, the maximum number of sorcery points I can have is reduced by 16. I'm limited in the actions you can perform by the nature of my new form, but retain any benefits and features from my classes, race, or other source inherent to me, provided that my new form is physically capable of doing so. My new form is not physically capable of casting spells requiring material or somatic components in its natural state. Additionally, I learn the Monstrous Spell Epic Metamagic.\n   Monstrous Spell: When I cast a spell that requires components that my current form is unable to supply (such as lacking the necessary anatomy to speak verbal components or hands to hold material components), I may gain 1 level of overload to cast the spell without the need for any components. Additionally, if my form has a Multiattack action, when I take that action, I may cast a spell benefiting from this Epic Metamagic as a part of that action.",
				action : ["action"]
			},

			"shadow magic" : {
				name : "Shadow Magic",
				description : "\n   " + "Creatures completely within an area of darkness have Epic Disadvantage on saving throws against my spells and features. Additionally, I gain the Umbral Spell Epic Metamagic.\n   Umbral Spell: When I cast a spell that affects an area (such as a cone, cube, cylinder, line, or square), I can gain 1 level of overload to cause the area of the spell to be enveloped in complete darkness for 1 minute. Creatures other than me can't see through this darkness even with darkvision, and Non-Epic magical light cannot illuminate or dispel it.",
			},

			"storm sorcery" : {
				name : "Storm Sorcery",
				description : "\n   " + "Airborne creatures are vulnerable to lightning and thunder damage dealt by me. Additionally, I learn the Stunning Spell Epic Metamagic.\n   Stunning Spell: When I cast a spell that affects an area (such as a cone, cube, cylinder, line, or square), I can gain 2 levels of overload to force each creature in the spell’s area to attempt a Constitution saving throw versus my spell save DC. On a failed saving throw, the creature is stunned until the end of my next turn.",
			},

			"wild magic" : {
				name : "Wild Magic",
				description : "\n   " + "When I gain my 6th level of overload, instead of its normal effect, I may cause a special effect called a pandemonium to occur and immediately reduce my levels of overload to 0. I then roll a d20 and my result determines what effect occurs based on the effects detailed in the Pandemonium Effect table. A pandemonium effect is considered a Deific effect that cannot be prevented by any means. Once I have used this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a long rest. Additionally, I learn the Mayhem Spell Epic Metamagic.\n   Mayhem Spell: When I cast a spell, I may gain 1 level of overload to roll on the Wild Magic Surge table as detailed in my sorcerer class features.",
				toNotesPage : [{
					name : "Pandemonium Effect Table",
					source : [["ELCR", 64], ["ELHH", 89]],
					popupName : "Pandemonium Effect Table",
					note : [
						"d20     Pandemonium Effect",
						"1       Nothing happens, yet. I roll on this table again in 1d20 hours. I cannot tell other players the result of the new roll.",
						"2       The next spell I cast benefits from up to three Epic Metamagic effects of my choice (even if I do not know them), and I do not gain  levels of overload from using the selected Epic Metamagic effects. This benefit is lost if I do not cast a spell within the next minute.",
						"3       I'm magically teleported to a space within 300 feet that I can see. I regain all my HP, are cured of any harmful conditions, and have my sorcery points restored to their maximum.",
						"4       A powerful Epic creature of the DM's choice appears and swears to aid me in all of my endeavors for the next 24 hours.",
						"5       The next spell I cast does not consume any resources (such as spell slots and sorcery points) or increase my levels of overload, regardless of the costs that would have been incurred ordinarily. This benefit is lost if I do not cast a spell within the next minute.",
						"6       The next time I die, confetti and fireworks magically manifest for 1 minute in a 100-foot radius centered on the point of my death, celebrating my demise.",
						"7       For 1 week, everything you eat or drink intoxicates me as though it were alcoholic.",
						"8       When I involuntarily sneeze, I randomly cast a Non-Epic spell I know and have the necessary resources to cast, as a part of that sneeze. Affected areas and targets of the spell are chosen by the DM. This effect lasts until I finish a long rest.",
						"9       The next Non-Epic humanoid that sees me becomes convinced I'm a genie in disguise and follows me everywhere, trying to get wishes.",
						"10      For 24 hours, if I eat any food other than bananas, I suffer an extreme allergic reaction and die instantly.",
						"11      I shake and vibrate uncontrollably. When I would roll a 2 or higher on an ability check, I instead roll a 1. This effect lasts until I finish a long rest.",
						"12      For 1 minute, when I deal damage to another creature I take an equal amount of damage of the same damage type. This damage cannot be prevented by any means.",
						"13      I immediately expend all sorcery points and cannot gain sorcery points for 1 hour.",
						"14      I'm launched 10,000 feet straight up into the air. If an object or structure would prevent me from moving, I take 1d6 bludgeoning damage for every 10 feet of movement prevented.",
						"15      I cannot be resistant or immune to damage and are vulnerable to all damage for 1 hour.",
						"16      I increase in size for 1 minute. My speed is 0 and at the start of each of my turns, my dimensions increase by 5 feet and I must attempt a Constitution saving throw versus my spell save DC or lose a number of HP equal to half my HP maximum. If I reach 0 HP by losing HP to this feature or would lose HP while I have 0 HP, I explode.",
						"17      A blow of crushing force is delivered to an extremely vulnerable area. For 1 minute, my speed is 5 feet and on each of my turns I can take no actions as I clutch yourself in pain.",
						"18      I'm queried with an impossible riddle of astonishing complexity. I cannot cast spells or make Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma ability checks until the riddle is solved. On each of my turns, I may take an action to attempt a DC 30 Intelligence ability check, solving the riddle on a success. If I cannot solve the riddle in 1 hour, the effect ends as I go mad and suffer the effects of a confusion spell for 24 hours.",
						"19      A gargantuan meteor magically appears and strikes my location. Each creature, object, and structure within 1 mile of that space must succeed on a Constitution saving throw versus my spell save DC or take 100d6 fire damage and 100d6 bludgeoning damage, or half as much on a success.",
						"20      I briefly understand the meaning of life, the universe, and everything. This knowledge is so shocking that it kills me instantly before I can tell anyone. If I return to life or have a memory of my existence after death, I cannot remember the meaning of life, the universe, and everything."
					]
				}],
			},
		},

		"magic reactor" : {
			name : "Magic Reactor",
			source : [["ELCR", 63], ["ELHH", 88]],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "When I use my bonus action via my \"Flexible Casting\" sorcerer class feature to create a spell slot with my sorcery points, I may create any number of spell slots as a part of using that feature, as long as I have the necessary sorcery points to do so. When I use my bonus action via my \"Flexible Casting\" sorcerer class feature to convert a spell slot to sorcery points, I may convert any number of my spell slots to sorcery points as a part of that action.",
		},

		"power overwhelming" : {
			name : "Power Overwhelming",
			source : [["ELCR", 57], ["ELHH", 88]],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I can spend 5 sorcery points to reduce my levels of overload by 1.",
			action : ["bonus action"]
		},
	}
}

CreatureList["aspect of the dragon"] = {

	name : "Aspect of the Dragon",

	source : [["ELCR", 63], ["ELHH", 87]],

	size : 0,

	type : "Dragon",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "User's Alignment",

	ac : 25,

	hp : 400,

	hd : [40, 10],

	speed : "40 ft, fly 80 ft",

	scores : [30, 10, 29, 1, 1, 1],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft, darkvision 120 ft",

	passivePerception : 1,

	languages : "All of the user's known languages",

	challengeRating : "26",

	proficiencyBonus : 7,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [17, 10, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [17, 10, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [17, 10, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Draconic Power",
			description : "Creatures, objects, and structures cannot be resistant to damage this creature deals of the type associated with the user's draconic ancestry. Additionally, if a creature, object, or structure would be immune to that damage type dealt by this creature, it instead takes half damage."
		}, {
			name : "Stat Replace",
			description : "This creature's Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma score, as well as it's Passive Perception, Skills, and Saving Throws are replaced with the user's."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Breath Weapon (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The dragon exhale a 90-foot cone or a 120-foot long, 10-foot wide line of elemental energy. Each creature in that area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw versus your spell save DC, taking 20d10 damage according the type associated with the user's draconic ancestry. A successful saving throw halves the damage."
		}, {
			name : "Frightful Presence",
			description : "Each creature of the creature's choice that they are aware of within 120 feet of it must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw versus the user's spell save DC or become frightened for 1 minute. A creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success. If a creature’s saving throw is successful or the effect ends for it, the creature is immune to the creature's Frightful Presence for the next 24 hours."
		}
	]
};

ClassList["overlord"] = {

	name : "Overlord",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*overlord).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 65], ["ELHH", 90]],

	primaryAbility : "Charisma",

	prereqs : "20th level Warlock, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the Renegotiate trial",

	die : 8,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Overlord") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Overlord") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Overlord starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 66], ["ELHH", 91]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"epic pact boon" : {
			name : "Epic Pact Boon",
			source : [["ELCR", 66], ["ELHH", 91]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "I gain the following benefits according to which pact boon warlock class feature I selected when I was advancing as a warlock.",
			choices : ["Blade", "Chain", "Talisman", "Tome"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"blade" : {
				name : "Pact of the Blade",
				description : "\n   " + "My pact grants a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with my pact weapon. This effect stacks with any existing bonuses the weapon has to attack and damage rolls from other features or magical properties. Additionally, when I deal damage with a weapon attack made with my pact weapon, I regain HP equal to half the damage dealt.",
			},

			"chain" : {
				name : "Pact of the Chain",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast the find familiar spell, I can choose one of the normal or special forms for your familiar, or choose a powerful Epic form (see the epic familiar stat block). If my familiar has a special or Epic form and is slain, I cannot cast find familiar again until I finish a long rest. When I roll initiative, I can choose to have my familiar not roll initiative and instead act on my turn. Additionally, if my familiar is alive, as an action, I can sacrifice a use of my Mystic Arcanum or a warlock spell slot to magically restore my familiar's HP to its maximum.",
			},

			"talisman" : {
				name : "Pact of the Talisman",
				description : "\n   " + "My patron bestows on me a second talisman that confers the same benefits and possesses the same properties as the first. Additionally, I may choose a saving throw, and creatures wearing my talismans have proficiency in that saving throw.",
			},

			"tome" : {
				name : "Pact of the Tome",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain additional warlock spell slots and the level of my warlock spell slots increases as I advance as an overlord. I have a number of warlock spell slots and all of your slots are the same level. Additionally, I may cast a Mystic Arcanum spell I know by expending a warlock spell slot instead of the use of that spell’s arcanum, as long as the warlock spell slot is the same level or higher than the arcanum spell.",
				additional : ["5 spell slots of 6th level", "5 spell slots of 6th level", "5 spell slots of 6th level", "5 spell slots of 6th level", "6 spell slots of 7th level", "6 spell slots of 7th level", "6 spell slots of 7th level", "6 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level", "7 spell slots of 8th level"],
			},
		},

		"coercion" : {
			name : "Coercion",
			source : [["ELCR", 67], ["ELHH", 92]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "I can pull significant power from my patron to learn profane secrets of extraordinary strength called Epic Invocations. I gain one Epic Invocation of my choice and when I gain certain overlord levels, I gain additional Epic Invocations of my choice. Additionally, when I gain a level in this Epic prestige class, I can choose one of the Epic Invocations I know and replace it with another Epic invocation that I could learn at that level.",
			extraname : "Epic Invocations",
			extrachoices : ["Blood of the Outsider", "Codex of Nightmares (prereq: Pact of the Tome)", "Eldritch Ward (prereq: Pact of the Talisman)", "Nether Surge (prereq: Pact of the Blade)", "Profane Offering (prereq: Pact of the Chain)", "Utterdark Blast (prereq: elditch blast cantrip)", "Bulwark of Steel Shadows (prereq: 4th level overlord)", "Greater Codex of Nightmares (prereq: 4th level overlord and Codex of Nightmares)", "Hellfire Mantle (prereq: 4th level overlord)", "Totem of Preservation (prereq: 4th level overlord and Pact of the Talisman)", "Lifebane Weapon (prereq: 4th level overlord and Pact of the Blade)", "Underlord (prereq: 4th level overlord and Pact of the Chain)", "Agent of Chaos (prereq: 6th level overlord)", "Bathed in Blood (prereq: 6th level overlord)", "Dark Tutelage (prereq: 6th level overlord and Pact of the Chain)", "Last Resort (prereq: 6th level overlord and Pact of the Talisman)", "Spell Reaper (prereq: 6th level overlord and Pact of the Blade)", "Ultimate Codex of Nightmares (prereq: 6th level overlord and Greater Codex of Nightmares)", "Arcane Extinction (prereq: 8th level overlord)", "Dark Prophecies (prereq: 8th level overlord)", "Eldritch Supremacy (prereq: 8th level overlord)", "Otherworldy Flight (prereq: 8th level overlord)", "Beguilling Aura (prereq: 10th level overlord)", "Hellfire and Brimstone (prereq: 10th level overlord)", "Untouchable (prereq: 10th level overlord)"],
			extraTimes : levels.map(function (n) {
				return n < 4 ? 1 : n < 6 ? 2 : n < 8 ? 3 : n < 10 ? 4 : 5;
			}),
			"blood of the outsider" : {
				name : "Blood of the Outsider",
				description : "\n   " + "My HP maximum increases by an amount equal to thrice my character level when I gain this Epic invocation. Whenever I gain a level thereafter, my HP maximum increases by an additional 3 HP.",
			},

			"codex of nightmares (prereq: pact of the tome)" : {
				name : "Codex of Nightmares",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain a single Tier 1 Epic Spell slot and can learn two Epic Spells from the overlord Epic Spell list. I regain expended overlord Epic Spell slots when I finish a long rest.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return GetFeatureChoice('class', 'warlock', 'pact boon') == 'pact of the tome'; },
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Codex of Nightmares",

					spells : ["antimagic ray", "arboreal metamorphosis", "catastrophe", "crown of vermin", "enigma masque", "hideous mandate", "mortifying apparition", "night terror", "reverse magic", "translocation", "wave of calamity", "bloodbane", "caldera", "congruent spellward", "crimson winds of havoc", "dematerialize", "enslave", "necrotic cyst", "planar eviction", "storm of torment", "hail of deadly blossoms", "malevolent fists of spite", "soul harvest", "sphere of ultimate destruction"],

					times : 2,

					prepared : true,
				},
			},

			"nether surge (prereq: pact of the blade)" : {
				name : "Nether Surge",
				description : "\n   " + "Once per turn, I can expend a use of your Mystic Arcanum to take an additional action in addition to my regular action that turn. This action can only be used to take the Attack action or cast a spell with a casting time of an action.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return GetFeatureChoice('class', 'warlock', 'pact boon') == 'pact of the blade'; },
			},

			"profane offering (prereq: pact of the chain)" : {
				name : "Profane Offering",
				description : "\n   " + "As a bonus action, I sacrifice my familiar to gain personal power, killing it instantly. Upon its death, I gain profane power for 1 minute, granting you the following benefits:\n   I gain temporary HP equal to the number of HP my familiar had when it died. This form of HP lasts until I finish a long rest.\n   I automatically succeed on Constitution saving throws to maintain concentration on my spells and effects.\nOnce I have used this feature, I cannot cast find familiar again until I finish a long rest.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return GetFeatureChoice('class', 'warlock', 'pact boon') == 'pact of the chain'; },
			},

			"utterdark blast (prereq: elditch blast cantrip)" : {
				name : "Utterdark Blast",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast eldritch blast, I can choose to alter the spell into a mighty utterdark blast. Doing so merges the beams created by the spell into a single powerful strike. I make a single ranged spell attack instead of the number of spell attacks I would have made normally when I cast eldritch blast. On a successful hit, this attack deals damage as though all of the cantrip’s spell attacks had hit the target when cast normally and I automatically roll the maximum possible value on all of the spell's damage dice.",
			},

			"bulwark of steel shadows (prereq: 4th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Bulwark of Steel Shadows",
				description : "\n   " + "My AC becomes 10 + my proficiency bonus + my Charisma modifier.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 4; },
			},

			"greater codex of nightmares (prereq: 4th level overlord and codex of nightmares)" : {
				name : "Greater Codex of Nightmares",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain a single Tier 1 Epic Spell slot, a single Tier 2 Epic Spell slot, and can learn three Epic spells from the overlord Epic spell list. I may also exchange any number of Epic overlord spells I know when I select this invocation with different Epic overlord spells from the overlord Epic spell list.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 4 && GetFeatureChoice('class', 'overlord', 'coercion') == 'codex of nightmares'; },
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Greater Codex of Nightmares",

					spells : ["antimagic ray", "arboreal metamorphosis", "catastrophe", "crown of vermin", "enigma masque", "hideous mandate", "mortifying apparition", "night terror", "reverse magic", "translocation", "wave of calamity", "bloodbane", "caldera", "congruent spellward", "crimson winds of havoc", "dematerialize", "enslave", "necrotic cyst", "planar eviction", "storm of torment", "hail of deadly blossoms", "malevolent fists of spite", "soul harvest", "sphere of ultimate destruction"],

					times : 3,

					prepared : true,
				},
			},

			"hellfire mantle (prereq: 4th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Hellfire Mantle",
				description : "\n   " + "I may cast the spell hellish rebuke without expending a spell slot. The spell is cast at the level of my warlock spell slots.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 4; },
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Hellfire Mantle",

					spells : ["hellish rebuke"],

					selection : ["hellish rebuke"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"lifebane weapon (prereq: 4th level overlord and pact of the blade)" : {
				name : "Lifebane Weapon",
				description : "\n   " + "When I deal damage with a weapon attack made with my pact weapon, I can lose a number of HP up to my character level. This loss of hit points cannot be reduced or prevented by any means. The attack deals additional necrotic damage equal to the amount of HP I lose. I can use this feature a number of times per turn equal to half my overlord level (rounded down).",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 4 && GetFeatureChoice('class', 'warlock', 'pact boon') == 'pact of the blade'; }
			},

			"underlord (prereq: 4th level overlord and pact of the chain)" : {
				name : "Underlord",
				description : "\n   " + "Creatures within 5 feet of my familiar have Epic Disadvantage on saving throws against me and I have Epic Advantage on attacks against those creatures. Additionally, when my familiar takes damage it may immediately use its reaction to teleport to an unoccupied space adjacent to me. This effect fails if the familiar is on a different plane of existence than me.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 4 && GetFeatureChoice('class', 'warlock', 'pact boon') == 'pact of the chain'; }
			},

			"agent of chaos (prereq: 6th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Agent of Chaos",
				description : "\n   " + "When a creature I can see within 120 feet of you targets a creature with a spell or attack, I may use my reaction to force that creature to select a different target of my choice (other than itself) for that spell or attack. If the attacking creature is Epic, it can attempt a Wisdom saving throw against my spell save DC, preventing the effect on a success. If a creature has no other eligible targets, this effect fails.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 6; },
				action : ["reaction"],
			},

			"bathed in blood (prereq: 6th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Bathed in Blood",
				description : "\n   " + "When I take 25 or more damage in a single instance from an enemy creature, I can choose to manifest a single magical orb of my own blood. This blood orb moves with me and follows wherever I go. As a bonus action, I can expend one or more of these orbs to gain the benefits of a single effect according to the number of orbs expended. I can have up to three blood orbs at a time, and any unexpended blood orbs fade into nothingness when I begin a short or long rest. Using one or more blood orbs grants the following benefits:\n   One orb: I regain 3d8 HP.\n   Two orbs: I recover an expended warlock spell slot.\n   Three orbs: The next time my roll damage dice this turn, I roll six additional damage dice of the attack's damage type.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 6; },
			},

			"dark tutelage (prereq: 6th level overlord and pact of the chain)" : {
				name : "Dark Tutelage",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain a single Epic feat of my choice from the Epic feat list. I may forgo taking this Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or you can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 6 && GetFeatureChoice('class', 'warlock', 'pact boon') == 'pact of the chain'; },
			},

			"spell reaper (prereq: 6th level overlord and pact of the blade)" : {
				name : "Spell Reaper",
				description : "\n   " + "At the end of my turn, I may use my reaction to draw forth arcane energy from each enemy creature within 120 feet of me that I hit with my pact weapon on that turn. Affected creatures must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against my spell save DC to prevent the effect. For each creature that fails, I regain one expended warlock spell slot, up to my maximum.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 6 && GetFeatureChoice('class', 'warlock', 'pact boon') == 'pact of the blade'; },
			},

			"ultimate codex of nightmares (prereq: 6th level overlord and greater codex of nightmares)" : {
				name : "Ultimate Codex of Nightmares",
				description : "\n   " + "I gain a single Tier 1 Epic Spell slot, a single Tier 2 Epic Spell slot, a single Tier 3 Epic Spell slot, and can learn four Epic spells from the overlord Epic spell list. I may also exchange any number of Epic overlord spells I know when I select this invocation with different Epic overlord spells from the overlord Epic spell list.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 6 && GetFeatureChoice('class', 'overlord', 'coercion') == 'greater codex of nightmares'; },
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Ultimate Codex of Nightmares",

					spells : ["antimagic ray", "arboreal metamorphosis", "catastrophe", "crown of vermin", "enigma masque", "hideous mandate", "mortifying apparition", "night terror", "reverse magic", "translocation", "wave of calamity", "bloodbane", "caldera", "congruent spellward", "crimson winds of havoc", "dematerialize", "enslave", "necrotic cyst", "planar eviction", "storm of torment", "hail of deadly blossoms", "malevolent fists of spite", "soul harvest", "sphere of ultimate destruction"],

					times : 4,

					prepared : true,
				},
			},

			"arcane extinction (prereq: 8th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Arcane Extinction",
				description : "\n   " + "I cast the Epic Spell antimagic ray as a Tier 3 Epic spell. Once I have used this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a long rest.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 8; },
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Arcane Extinction",

					spells : ["antimagic ray"],

					selection : ["antimagic ray"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,

					oncelr : true,
				},
			},

			"dark prophecies (prereq: 8th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Dark Prophecies",
				description : "\n   " + "I can cast the spell foresight at will.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 8; },
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Dark Prophecies",

					spells : ["foresight"],

					selection : ["foresight"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"eldritch supremacy (prereq: 8th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Eldritch Supremacy",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast eldritch blast and target only a single creature, it cannot be resistant or immune to the effects or damage of the spell. When I cast eldritch blast and target two or more creatures, I may fire a single additional beam at each creature of my choice within range.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 8; },
			},

			"otherworldly flight (prereq: 8th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Otherwordly Flight",
				description : "\n   " + "Vast wings visually themed after my otherworldly patron sprout from my back, granting me a fly speed of 90 feet. If my wings are removed, they naturally grow back when I finish a long rest.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 8; },
				speed : {

					fly : { spd : 90, enc : 0 },
				},
			},

			"beguiling aura (prereq: 10th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Beguiling Aura",
				description : "\n   " + "When a creature sees me in person for the first time in a day, it is immediately charmed by me. Epic and mythic creatures can attempt a Wisdom saving throw versus my spell save DC to avoid becoming charmed.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 10; },
			},

			"hellfire and brimstone (prereq: 10th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Hellfire and Brimstone",
				description : "\n   " + "When I deal damage that isn’t bludgeoning, piercing, slashing, or psychic damage, I may instead deal fire damage. Additionally, once per turn when I deal fire damage to a creature, object, or structure, I may ignite it with magical hellfire. A creature, object, or structure so ignited takes 4d12 fire damage at the start of each of its turns. Each time I use this feature on an ignited creature, object, or structure, the damage dealt by the flames increases by 4d12. The fire cannot be extinguished by Non-Epic effects.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 10; },
			},

			"untouchable (prereq: 10th level overlord)" : {
				name : "Untouchable",
				description : "\n   " + "When I take damage, I may use my reaction to instead take no damage and magically transport myself to an unoccupied space within 30 feet of my current location.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 10; },
			},

			"eldritch ward (prereq: pact of the talisman)" : {
				name : "Eldritch Ward",
				description : "\n   " + "Creatures wearing my talismans are immune to spells of 6th level or lower, unless they choose not to be.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return GetFeatureChoice('class', 'warlock', 'pact boon') == 'pact of the talisman'; },
			},

			"totem of preservation (prereq: 4th level overlord and pact of the talisman)" : {
				name : "Totem of Preservation",
				description : "\n   " + "As a reaction when a creature wearing my talisman would fail a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead. Once a creature has used one of my talismans in this manner, it cannot use any talisman in this manner again until it finishes a long rest.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 4 && GetFeatureChoice('class', 'warlock', 'pact boon') == 'pact of the talisman'; },
			},

			"last resort (prereq: 6th level overlord and pact of the talisman)" : {
				name : "Last Resort",
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, a creature wearing one of my talismans can shatter it, unleashing a maelstrom of destructive energy in a 60-foot-radius sphere centered on it. Each enemy creature in the affected area must attempt a Constitution saving throw against my spell save DC, taking 30d10 force damage on a failure, or half as much damage on a success. A creature reduced to 0 HP by this effect is turned to ash.",
				prereqeval : function(v) { return classes.known.overlord.level >= 6 && GetFeatureChoice('class', 'warlock', 'pact boon') == 'pact of the talisman'; },
			},
		},

		"obligatory patronage" : {
			name : "Obligatory Patronage",
			source : [["ELCR", 67], ["ELHH", 93]],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "I regain my uses of my Mystic Arcanum when I finsh a short or long rest.",
		},

		"epic otherworldly patron" : {
			name : "Epic Otherworldy Patron",
			source : [["ELCR", 67], ["ELHH", 93]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "My exploitation of my patron allows me to absorb some of its essence, becoming more like the being itself as I achieve a profane symbiosis. I gain the following features according to the otherworldly patron I selected when I was advancing as a warlock. Additionally, I gain an expanded list of spells I learn in association with my patron. These spells do not count against the number of warlock spells I can know and can be cast as warlock spells if I have the necessary level spell slots to do so. When I expend a use of my Mystic Arcanum to cast an arcanum spell, I can instead cast one of these new spells of the same level as an arcanum spell.",
			choices : ["The Archfey", "The Celestial", "The Fathomless", "The Fiend", "The Genie", "The Great Old One", "The Hexblade", "The Imprisoned", "The Undead", "The Undying"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"the archfey" : {
				name : "The Archfey",
				description : "\n   " + "Once per round when I fail a saving throw, I can choose to succeed instead. I can use this feature three times per long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Otherwordly Patron (The Archfey)",

					spells : ["irresistible dance", "programmed illusion", "prismatic spray", "symbol", "maze", "prismatic wall"],

					selection : ["irresistible dance", "programmed illusion", "prismatic spray", "symbol", "maze", "prismatic wall"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"the celestial" : {
				name : "The Celestial",
				description : "\n   " + "My pool of dice from my Healing Light feature are d12s instead of d6s and I gain a number of additional dice equal to twice my overlord level. Additionally, I can cast the Epic spells bioclasm and genesis. I can cast each spell once as a Tier 2 Epic spell and cannot cast them again until I finish a long rest. If I have Epic spell slots, instead of the previous feature I may add bioclasm and genesis to the list of Epic spells I know.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Otherwordly Patron (The Celestial)",

					spells : ["heal", "sunbeam", "conjure celestial", "regenerate", "holy aura", "mass heal", "bioclasm", "genesis"],

					selection : ["heal", "sunbeam", "conjure celestial", "regenerate", "holy aura", "mass heal"],

					times : 8,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"the fathomless" : {
				name : "The Fathomless",
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I can offer up my magic to the depths and call forth its power. When I do so, I may expend one or more warlock spell slots. For each spell slot I expend, I create a spectral tentacle within 120 feet of me as per my subclass features, and I can command each tentacle simultaneously using a single bonus action. Additionally, when such tentacles created in this manner deal damage, they deal an additional 4d8 cold damage.",
				action : ["action"],
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Otherwordly Patron (The Fathomless)",

					spells : ["freezing sphere", "wall of ice", "symbol", "whirlwind", "tsunami", "storm of vengeance"],

					selection : ["freezing sphere", "wall of ice", "symbol", "whirlwind", "tsunami", "storm of vengeance"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"the fiend" : {
				name : "The Fiend",
				description : "\n   " + "At the start of each of my turns, each creature within 15 feet of me takes 10d6 fire damage and flammable objects in the area that aren’t being worn or carried ignite. Creatures that touch me or hit me with a melee attack while within 15 feet of me take 5d6 fire damage. As an action, I can suppress the effects of this feature by concentrating on it as though it were a spell. The effects of this feature are suppressed if I'm incapacitated. Additionally, I learn the following spells which can be cast as warlock spells if I have the necessary level spell slots to do so. When I expend a use of my Mystic Arcanum to cast an arcanum spell, I can instead cast one of these new spells of the same level as an arcanum spell.",
				action : ["action"],
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Otherwordly Patron (The Fiend)",

					spells : ["disintegrate", "planar ally", "delayed blast fireball", "firestorm", "incendiary cloud", "gate"],

					selection : ["disintegrate", "planar ally", "delayed blast fireball", "firestorm", "incendiary cloud", "gate"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"the genie" : {
				name : "The Genie",
				description : "\n   " + "When I roll initiative, I can choose to invoke my patron and draw myself and all creatures within 300 feet of me that I'm aware of into my vessel granted by my subclass features, expending my use of that feature. Inside the vessel is a pocket plane that is a 100-foot square, overseen by a titanic visage of my patron who demands all present to perform for its amusement. Creatures within the area cannot leave by non-Deific means until all enemy creatures are slain, nor can creatures from outside the plane enter the area. At the start of each of my turns while I'm within the area, I must roll a d4 and my patron will grant me a gift from the Genie Gifts table.\n   d4   Effect\n   1    I'm gifted a mote of elemental power. Until the end of my turn, when I deal damage, I may expend the mote and deal an additional 10d6 damage of a type according to my patron: bludgeoning (dao), thunder (djinni), fire (efreeti), or cold (marid).\n   2    I gain a special warlock spell slot, which can exceed my slot maximum. This slot is lost at the start of my next turn.\n   3    My patron magically teleports me to an unoccupied space within the vessel.\n   4    I magically regain 10d10 HP. If this amount would exceed my HP maximum, I gain the excess as temporary HP that lasts for 1 minute.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Otherwordly Patron (The Genie)",

					spells : ["contingency", "instant summons", "mirage arcane", "reverse gravity", "mind blank", "true polymorph"],

					selection : ["contingency", "instant summons", "mirage arcane", "reverse gravity", "mind blank", "true polymorph"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"the great old one" : {
				name : "The Great Old One",
				description : "\n   " + "As an action, I can draw forth the near-limitless power of the Great Old Ones and unleash it to devastating effect. As an action, I can call upon my otherworldly patron, describing the assistance I seek. The DM chooses the nature of the intervention, which typically takes the form of an effect of any Tier 3 Epic Spell. Regardless of what form the intervention takes, my Patron always appears for the briefest of instants to conduct its intervention, exposing all present to the cosmic horror of its being. This feature and its effects are considered Deific, and once my patron has intervened, I cannot use this feature again for 7 days.",
				action : ["action"],
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Otherwordly Patron (The Great Old One)",

					spells : ["globe of invulnerability", "magic jar", "reverse gravity", "simulacrum", "antimagic field", "time stop"],

					selection : ["globe of invulnerability", "magic jar", "reverse gravity", "simulacrum", "antimagic field", "time stop"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"the hexblade" : {
				name : "The Hexblade",
				description : "\n   " + "When I roll initiative, I may expend my use of my Hexblade's Curse feature to immediately curse each creature of my choice that I can see within 300 feet of me.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Otherwordly Patron (The Hexblade)",

					spells : ["contingency", "terrifying transformation", "magical sword", "teleport", "mind blank", "invulnerability"],

					selection : ["contingency", "terrifying transformation", "magical sword", "teleport", "mind blank", "invulnerability"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"the imprisoned" : {
				name : "The Imprisoned",
				description : "\n   " + "Once per turn, when I cast a spell with a range greater than touch and my Dark Sun subclass feature is in effect, I may move my dark sun to a space I can see within that spell's range. Additionally, if I have no uses of my Dark Sun subclass feature remaining, I may take an action to expend one of my warlock spell slots and regain the use of my \"Dark Sun\" feature.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Otherwordly Patron (The Imprisoned)",

					spells : ["sunbeam", "word of recall", "divine word", "prismatic spray", "sunburst", "wish"],

					selection : ["sunbeam", "word of recall", "divine word", "prismatic spray", "sunburst", "wish"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"the undead" : {
				name : "The Undead",
				description : "\n   " + "When I expend a warlock spell slot or cast a spell via my \"Mystic Arcanum\" feature, I may call forth a spectral phantom, which appears in my space and orbits me for 10 minutes or until I'm slain, whichever comes first. The phantom is barely an echo of a soul and cannot be harmed or affected by features other than those detailed here. I can have a number of phantoms tethered to me equal to my proficiency bonus, and any phantoms I would gain past this amount instead do not manifest. As an action and/or bonus action, I may command one or more phantoms to haunt a creature I can see within 120 feet, causing the phantom to become tethered to the target for its remaining duration. When the phantoms haunt a creature, I choose the nature of the haunting from the following options:\n   Claws of the Grave: The phantoms claw and maul the target whenever possible. At the end of each of my turns, I can make a melee spell attack against each creature haunted by the phantoms. On a hit, the target takes 4d8 necrotic damage for each phantom haunting it.\n   Horrific Whispers: The phantoms whisper the target's deepest, darkest fears. When the target makes an attack roll or attempts a saving throw other than a Charisma saving throw, it rolls a number of d8s equal to the number of phantoms haunting it, subtracting the highest d8 rolled from the saving throw's result.\n   Sinister Imprisonment: The phantoms form a swirling barrier around the target, which becomes heavily obscured from creatures outside its space, and vice versa. The barrier is an object with an AC equal to your spell save DC and has 20 HP for each phantom haunting the target. Sound and air can pass through the barrier, but solids and liquids cannot. At the end of each of its turns, a creature haunted by this feature can attempt a Charisma saving throw against my spell save DC. On a success, the haunting ends and the phantoms vanish.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Otherwordly Patron (The Undead)",

					spells : ["harm", "magic jar", "power word pain", "symbol", "horrid wilting", "weird"],

					selection : ["harm", "magic jar", "power word pain", "symbol", "horrid wilting", "weird"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},

			"the undying" : {
				name : "The Undying",
				description : "\n   " + "When I finish a long rest, I can choose to gain a number of temporary HP equal to my maximum hit points. This form of temporary HP cannot be replaced by temporary HP from a source other than this feature unless I will it. While I have at least 1 temporary HP from this feature, I cannot be killed by non-Deific effects.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Epic Otherwordly Patron (The Undying)",

					spells : ["freezing sphere", "harm", "resurrection", "sequester", "clone", "true resurrection"],

					selection : ["freezing sphere", "harm", "resurrection", "sequester", "clone", "true resurrection"],

					times : 6,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},
		},

		"oppressive authority" : {
			name : "Oppressive Authority",
			source : [["ELCR", 69], ["ELHH", 95]],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "By spending 1 minute demanding assistance from my patron, I either learn two Non-Epic invocations of my choice or one Epic invocation of my choice. I must still meet the prerequisites for these invocations, which I know until I finish a long rest. Once I have used this feature, I must finish a long rest before I can use it again.",
			usages : 1,
			recovery : "long rest",
		},

		"hostile takeover" : {
			name : "Hostile Takeover",
			source : ["ELCR", 69],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "If a feature would require that me spend an amount of time greater than an action to gain assistance from my patron (such as from your Eldritch Master warlock class feature), I may instead gain the benefits from that feature as an action. Additionally, when I finish a long rest I may choose any number Non-Epic or Epic invocations I know and replace them with an equal number of Non-Epic or Epic invocations for which I meet the prerequisites. I cannot replace a Non-Epic invocation with an Epic invocation using this feature.",
		},
	}
}

AddFeatureChoice(ClassList.overlord.features["hostile takeover"], true, "Apotheosis", {
	name : "Apotheosis",
	extraname : "Alternate Overlord 10",
	source : [["ELHH", 95]],
	description : "\n   At the start of each of my turns, I regain an expended warlock spell slot.",
}, "Alternate 10th-level overlord features");

ClassList["archmage"] = {

	name : "Archmage",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*archmage).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 71], ["ELHH", 99]],

	primaryAbility : "Intelligence",

	prereqs : "20th level Wizard, slay an Epic Foe, and complete the Arcane Sanctum trial",

	die : 8,

	improvements : [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5],

	saves : [""],

	skills : ["\n\n" + toUni("Archmage") + ": None.", "\n\n" + toUni("Archmage") + ": Choose one from any skill or ability score."],

	armor : [
		[false, false, false, false],
		[false, false, false, false]
	],

	weapons : [
		[false, false, false],
		[false, false, false]
	],

	equipment : "Archmage starting equipment: None",

	subclasses : ["", [""]],

	prestigeClassPrereq : 20,

	attacks : [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],

	spellcastingFactor : 1,

	spellcastingKnown : {

		cantrips : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

		spells : [0, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15, 17, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19],

		prepared : true,

	},

	spellcastingList : {

		class : "archmage",

		level : [1, 3],

		ritual : false,
	},

	features : {

		"epic feat" : {
			name : "Epic Feat",
			source : [["ELCR", 72], ["ELHH", 100]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I reach 21st level, and again at 25th and 29th level, I may select one Epic Feat. I may forgo taking an Epic feat to instead increase an ability score of my choice by 4, or I can increase two ability scores of your choice by 2. I cannot increase an ability score above 30 using this feature.",
			scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],
		},

		"arcane fusion" : {
			name : "Arcane Fusion",
			source : [["ELCR", 72], ["ELHH", 100]],
			minlevel : 1,
			description : "\n   " + "When I take an action to cast a Non-Epic spell and expend a spell slot of 5th level or lower as part of that action, I may simultaneously cast a 1st-level spell with a casting time of one action or bonus action. I determine in what order each of the spells are cast. As I advance as an archmage, I can cast more powerful spells using this feature. The maximum level of the higher castable spell using this feature is indicated on the left side of the column, while the maximum level of the lower castable spell using this feature is indicated on the right side of the column. I cannot use this feature to cast cantrips in either case.",
			additional : ["5th level / 1st level", "5th level / 1st level", "6th level / 2nd level", "6th level / 2nd level", "7th level / 3rd level", "7th level / 3rd level", "8th level / 4th level", "8th level / 4th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level", "9th level / 5th level"],
		},

		"master of the arcane" : {
			name : "Master of the Arcane",
			source : [["ELCR", 73], ["ELHH", 101]],
			minlevel : 2,
			description : "\n   " + "My hunger for knowledge drives me to tackle some of the greatest challenges of magic, called arcane mysteries. Each of the eight schools of magic have their own mysteries which I unravel as I advance as an archmage. Each mystery has three levels, a fundamental, principle, and pinnacle, which must be learned to completely unravel the secrets of that school of magic. To learn the principle in a given school, I must have learned the school’s fundamental, and to learn the pinnacle of a school, I must have learned both the school's fundamental and principle. I learn two fundamentals from two different schools of magic as detailed below. As I advance as an archmage, I may improve my understanding of one of these schools by learning an additional level of its mystery, as shown below.",
			extraname : "Arcane Mysteries",
			extrachoices : ["Abjuration", "Conjuration", "Divination", "Enchantment", "Evocation", "Illusion", "Necromancy", "Transmutation"],
			extraTimes : levels.map(function (n) {
				return n < 2 ? 1 : n < 4 ? 2 : n < 6 ? 3 : n < 8 ? 4 : n < 10 ? 5 : 6;
			}),
			"abjuration" : {
				name : "Mysteries of Abjuration",
				description : "\n   " + "The mysteries of abjuration afford an archmage mastery over antimagic. If a spell is cast in the presence of an archmage who has unearthed these mysteries, it is only because the archmage permits it. Those who unearth all of the secrets of the Abjuration school gain the ability to shut other spellcasters off from their source magic completely.\n   Fundamental: When I cast a non-cantrip spell from the Abjuration school of 4th level or lower, I may treat the effects of that spell as though I had cast it at 5th level.\n   Principle: I'm immune to spells of my archmage level or lower unless I wish to be affected.\n   Pinnacle: I learn a secret Epic abjuration spell, blackout, which counts as an archmage Epic spell for me. I can cast this spell without expending an Epic spell slot. When I do so, I cannot cast the spell in that manner again until I finish a long rest.",
			},

			"conjuration" : {
				name : "Mysteries of Conjuration",
				description : "\n   " + "To know the mysteries of conjuration is to control space itself. An archmage with knowledge of these mysteries can never want for allies or resources, able to conjure assistance with a thought. Those who master these mysteries can summon creatures of extraordinary power to aid in any task.\n   Fundamental: When I cast a non-cantrip spell from the Conjuration school of 4th level or lower, I may treat the effects of that spell as though I had cast it at 5th level.\n   Principle: When I cast a non-Epic spell from the Conjuration school with a duration greater than instantaneous that requires me to concentrate to maintain its effect for the duration, I may increase the length of that spell’s duration to permanent.\n   Pinnacle: I learn a secret Epic conjuration spell, grand summons, which counts as an archmage Epic spell for me. I can cast this spell without expending an Epic spell slot. When I do so, I cannot cast the spell in that manner again until I finish a long rest.",
			},

			"divination" : {
				name : "Mysteries of Divination",
				description : "\n   " + "Understanding the mysteries of the Divination school of magic goes beyond acquiring knowledge—it is the mastery of knowledge itself. With such expertise comes a nearly unlimited capacity to learn, divine, and understand the world. Archmages who unearth all the mysteries of Divination can manipulate the knowledge of other creatures, imparting great wisdom and power.\n   Fundamental: Non-Epic creatures are unable to detect the effect or presence of spells (such as through spells like detect magic) I cast from the Divination school under any circumstances, and effects produced by spells I cast from the Divination school are invisible unless I choose otherwise. Epic creatures attempting to detect the effects or presence of my spells from the Divination school must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw versus my spell save DC or fail to detect them. Additionally, I choose five non-Epic spells from the Divination school from any class spell list and add them to my spellbook. These spells are now wizard spells for me.\n   Principle: When I cast a spell from the Divination school with a duration greater than instantaneous, I may increase the duration of that spell to 24 hours.\n   Pinnacle: I learn a secret Epic divination spell, knowledge cascade, which counts as an archmage Epic spell for me. I can cast this spell without expending an Epic spell slot. When I do so, I cannot cast the spell in that manner again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonusElsewhere : {
					addTo : "wizard",
					spellcastingBonus : {
						name : "Mysteries of Divination",
						school : ["Div"],
						times : 5
					},
				},
			},

			"enchantment" : {
				name : "Mysteries of Enchantment",
				description : "\n   " + "The mysteries of the Enchantment school teach that the mind is inexorably tied to the nature of magic, and thus is vulnerable to exploitation. With this knowledge, an archmage can even subjugate those ordinarily immune to such manipulation with ease. Those who master this school’s mysteries can imprison creatures within their own minds, forced to live a fictional reality of the archmage's design.\n   Fundamental: When I cast a non-cantrip spell from the Enchantment school of 4th level or lower, I may treat the effects of that spell as though I had cast it at 5th level.\n   Principle: When I cast a spell from the Enchantment school that attempts to charm a creature which is immune to the charmed condition, it is instead not immune and has Epic Advantage on saving throws against that effect for its duration.\n   Pinnacle: I learn a secret Epic enchantment spell, microcosm, which counts as an archmage Epic spell for me. I can cast this spell without expending an Epic spell slot. When I do so, I cannot cast the spell in that manner again until I finish a long rest.",
			},

			"evocation" : {
				name : "Mysteries of Evocation",
				description : "\n   " + "Simpler minds perceive the school of Evocation to be the manipulation of energy. Those who understand its mysteries know better, for Evocation deals directly with the unformed essence of magic itself. Knowing these mysteries, an archmage can unleash raw magical energy from which all spells are formed. Mastery of these mysteries imparts the knowledge to overcome any defense and inflict complete destruction upon one’s enemies.\n   Fundamental: When I cast a non-cantrip spell from the Evocation school of 4th level or lower, I may treat the effects of that spell as though I had cast it at 5th level.\n   Principle: When I cast a spell from the Evocation school that would deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, necrotic, radiant, or thunder damage, I may instead deal arcane damage.\n   Pinnacle: I learn a secret Epic evocation spell, hellball, which counts as an archmage Epic spell for me. I can cast this spell without expending an Epic spell slot. When I do so, I cannot cast the spell in that manner again until I finish a long rest.",
			},

			"illusion" : {
				name : "Mysteries of Illusion",
				description : "\n   " + "If asked, \"What is real?\" an archmage with knowledge of the mysteries of Illusion would respond, \"Whatever I decide.\" Having learned the mysteries of this school, an archmage understands that reality is irrelevant when one can create a more convincing fiction. Mastering these mysteries teaches an archmage how to create sanity-shattering images and effects that ravage the minds of others.\n   Fundamental: Creatures with an Intelligence of 20 or lower have Epic Disadvantage on saving throws and ability checks against spells I cast from the Illusion school.\n   Principle: Creatures with truesight no longer automatically see through my illusions or automatically succeed on saving throws against them, and instead attempt saving throws against my illusions at Epic Advantage.\n   Pinnacle: I learn a secret Epic illusion spell, traumatize, which counts as an archmage Epic spell for me. learn a secret Epic abjuration spell, obsolescence, which counts as an archmage Epic spell for me. I can cast this spell without expending an Epic spell slot. When I do so, I cannot cast the spell in that manner again until I finish a long rest.",
			},

			"necromancy" : {
				name : "Mysteries of Necromancy",
				description : "\n   " + "Death is a fate that only the uneducated are destined to face; so say the archmages who have mastered the mysteries of Necromancy. Having unearthed this school’s secrets, an archmage has little to fear from death and can visit it upon others with impunity. Mastering this school’s mysteries teaches magic that can destroy an archmage's enemies with utter finality.\n   Fundamental: When I cast a non-cantrip spell from the Necromancy school of 4th level or lower, I may treat the effects of that spell as though I had cast it at 5th level.\n   Principle: I can learn the spell finger of death if I have not learned it already. I may cast finger of death as a 7th-level spell without expending a spell slot.\n   Pinnacle: I learn a secret Epic necromancy spell, obsolescence, which counts as an archmage Epic spell for me. I can cast this spell without expending an Epic spell slot. When I do so, I cannot cast the spell in that manner again until I finish a long rest.",
			},

			"transmutation" : {
				name : "Mysteries of Transmutation",
				description : "\n   " + "An archmage who knows the mysteries of the Transmutation school understands that magic is the only force reality can respect. How a creature was born is insignificant next to the ability to reshape it with a single spell. Mastery of these mysteries allows an archmage to change an ordinary weapon into a tool of fantastic destruction.\n   Fundamental: I learn the spell polymorph if I have not already and may cast it as a 4th-level spell without expending a spell slot.\n   Principle: I'm immune to any Non-Epic or Epic spell or magical effect that would alter my form unless I choose to be affected.\n   Pinnacle: I learn a secret Epic transmutation spell, prismatic weapon, which counts as an archmage Epic spell for me. I can cast this spell without expending an Epic Spell slot. When you do so, I cannot cast the spell in that manner again until I finish a long rest.",
				spellcastingBonus : {

					name : "Mysteries of Transmutation",

					spells : ["polymorph"],

					selection : ["polymorph"],

					times : 1,

					prepared : true,

					atwill : true,
				},
			},
		},

		"spell division" : {
			name : "Spell Division",
			source : [["ELCR", 73], ["ELHH", 101]],
			minlevel : 4,
			description : "\n   " + "When I finish a long rest, I can choose to immediately expend one of more of my Epic Spell slots and instead generate temporary Non-Epic spell slots. The number and level of the temporary Non-Epic spell slots generated by this feature depends on the tier of the Epic spell slot expended, which is detailed in the Spell Division table below. These temporary spell slots last until I finish a long rest and cannot be regained once expended.\n   Epic Spell Slot Tier   Non-Epic Spell Slot Conversion\n   Tier 1              I generate a number of non-Epic spell slots of my choice whose combined level can be no greater than 11.\n   Tier 2              I generate a number of non-Epic spell slots of my choice whose combined level can be no greater than 15.\n   Tier 3              I generate a number of non-Epic spell slots of my choice whose combined level can be no greater than 21.",
		},

		"epic arcane tradition" : {
			name : "Epic Otherworldy Patron",
			source : [["ELCR", 67], ["ELHH", 101]],
			minlevel : 6,
			description : "\n   " + "My arcane tradition has reached its zenith as I master its unique and complex techniques. This expertise takes the form of a great project of incredible artistry and design that serves as a magical tool to exemplify my tradition. I gain the following features according to the Arcane Tradition I selected when I was advancing as a wizard.",
			choices : ["Bladesinging", "Eldritch Cabal", "Order of Scribes", "School of Abjuration", "School of Conjuration", "School of Divination", "School of Enchantment", "School of Evocation", "School of Illusion", "School of Necromancy", "School of Transmutation", "War Magic"],
			choicesNotInMenu : false,
			"bladesinging" : {
				name : "Bladesinging",
				description : "\n   " + "When I activate my Bladesong subclass feature, I may expend one of my Epic Spell slots to empower a weapon I'm wielding with the might of Epic magic, transforming it into a magical weapon called a spellblade for the duration of the Bladesong. When I make an attack with that weapon, I may choose one of the following areas: a 120-foot-long, 5-footwide line; a 60-foot cone; or a 30-foot radius centered on me. Creatures of my choice within the area with an AC equal to or lower than the result of the attack roll are hit by the attack and suffer any additional effects and modifiers to the attack as though they were a target.",
			},

			"eldritch cabal" : {
				name : "Eldritch Cabal",
				description : "\n   " + "After I successfully cast an eldritch spell, I can delay the effects of an eldritch madness by 1 minute instead of gaining it immediately. Additionally, I can prepare up to three additional eldritch spells, up to a maximum of seven. Finally, when I prepare an Epic spell, I can choose to apply unbelievably profane knowledge and heinous magic to the spell, creating an eldritch version of it. In addition to the normal properties of an eldritch spell, an Epic eldritch spell cannot be countered or dispelled by any means. When I successfully cast an Epic eldritch spell, I suffer a supreme eldritch madness effect.",
			},

			"order of scribes" : {
				name : "Order of Scribes",
				description : "\n   " + "When I use the Ready action to cast a spell, O may choose to store the spell as a magical glyph, which orbits me for 8 hours or until expended. When I have a spell readied in this manner, I do not need to concentrate to hold the spell’s energy, which is instead stored within the masterful inscriptions of the glyph. The spell’s energy immediately dissipates and is lost if I attempt to Ready another spell.",
			},

			"school of abjuration" : {
				name : "School of Abjuration",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast an abjuration Epic spell and would generate a magical ward via my Arcane Ward subclass feature, I may transform that magical ward into a unique machine of magical energy called a spell engine, which orbits my head and moves with me. A spell engine functions similarly to an Arcane Ward and may be affected by features that would affect my Arcane Ward (such as myy Projected Ward subclass feature). The benefits of the ward are replaced with the following benefits of the spell engine and last until I finish a long rest:\n   The spell engine has 100 HP per tier of the Epic Spell slot used to create it. When a creature within 60 feet of the spell engine takes damage, I may choose to have the spell engine take the damage instead. If this damage reduces the engine to 0 HP, any affected creatures take the remaining damage and the engine is destroyed.\n   Invisible creatures within 60 feet of me are made visible and I'm aware of any spell effects within 60 feet of me. I see a faint aura around any visible creature or object in the area that bears magic, and I learn its school of magic, if any.\n   When I would be affected by an Epic Spell, as a reaction I can destroy the spell engine to become immune to the effects of the Epic spell.",
			},

			"school of conjuration" : {
				name : "School of Conjuration",
				description : "\n   " + "Over the course of a long rest, I can choose to create a mysterious construct called an arcane entity. The entity is an object with 200 HP and an AC of 20, which appears as a fist-sized star of magical energy. The entity orbits my head and moves with me. I may have only a single arcane entity at a time. When I cast a spell from the Conjuration school that requires concentration I may have the arcane entity maintain concentration on that spell instead. The entity does not need to make Constitution saving throws to maintain concentration in response to taking damage and its concentration cannot be broken by any means unless it is destroyed. I can command the entity to cease concentrating on a spell at any time (no action required). When I cast a spell from the Conjuration school that conjures or summons a creature, I may sacrifice the arcane entity as a part of that spell's casting time to grant a single summoned creature 200 temporary HP and a bonus to its attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks equal to my proficiency bonus. This effect lasts until the creature is slain, the spell ends, or I create a new arcane entity.",
			},

			"school of divination" : {
				name : "School of Divination",
				description : "\n   " + "When I finish a long rest, I can choose to expend a Tier 2 or 3 Epic Spell slot to gain the ability to peer into the future for 8 hours. While imbued, after I take an action, I may immediately take a reaction to manipulate time and undo all of the recent effects of that action, such as inflicting damage, moving creatures, applying conditions, and other effects, as though I had never taken the action in the first place. I regain any spell slots, uses of a feature, or items I expended with that action and may immediately take a new additional action in its place. Once I have used this feature, I must finish a short or long rest before I can use it again.",
				usages : 1,
				recovery : "long rest",
			},

			"school of enchantment" : {
				name : "School of Enchantment",
				description : "\n   " + "As a reaction when I charm a creature, I implant that creature with a malevolent arcane parasite known as a mind spider. As an action, I can begin or end concentration on the mind spider effect (as though I were concentrating on a spell), which grants me the following benefits across any distance or planar boundary for as long as I maintain concentration:\n   I perceive everything the creature perceives and are aware of the creature’s exact location for as long as I maintain concentration.\n   I can establish one-way or two-way telepathic communication between me and the creature for as long as I maintain concentration.\n   I can target the creature with spells I cast from the Enchantment school as though it were within range of that spell.\nA creature is not aware of this connection or the presence of the mind spider unless I will it, but a creature may attempt a Wisdom saving throw versus my spell save DC each time you take this action, becoming aware of the connection on a success. I can implant a number of mind spiders equal to my Intelligence modifier and a creature cannot be implanted with more than a single mind spider at a time. As an action, I can touch a creature afflicted with a mind spider to end the effect. A mind spider can be forcibly removed by powerful healing magic such as a heal or greater restoration spell, but any attempts to remove a mind spider without Epic magic requires a Medicine ability check by the creature making the attempt as a part of the spell's casting. The DC of the ability check is equal to my spell save DC and the mind spider is removed on a success.",
				action : ["reaction"],
			},

			"school of evocation" : {
				name : "School of Evocation",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a Non-Epic wizard spell of any level that deals damage, I can use my \"Overchannel\" subclass feature to deal maximum damage with that spell. Additionally, I roll d6s instead of d12s when determining the damage I take from my \"Overchannel\" subclass feature.",
			},

			"school of illusion" : {
				name : "School of Illusion",
				description : "\n   " + "When I cast a spell from the Illusion school, I can choose to make allied creatures immune to the effects of the spell for its duration. Such creatures can act and perceive their surroundings as though the illusion(s) did not exist.",
			},

			"school of necromancy" : {
				name : "School of Necromancy",
				description : "\n   " + "By spending 1 week in continuous uninterrupted isolation, I can channel my Epic magic into a dark ritual that transforms me into an archlich. When the ritual is complete, I die and permanently become an undead creature. If I'm under the effects of a spell or magical effect that changes your form, this ritual automatically fails. This new form grants me the following benefits:\n   My creature type changes to undead.\n   I have resistance to cold, lightning, and necrotic damage. I'm immune to poison damage and bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-magical attacks.\n   I'm immune to the charmed, exhaustion, frightened, paralyzed, and poisoned conditions.\n   I no longer need to eat, drink, breath, or sleep, though I must still rest to recover spell slots and abilities. My soul is drawn into my phylactery, where it remains until my phylactery is destroyed.\n   When my body is destroyed, it can only reform from my phylactery which returns me to \"life\" with all of my HP and features as though I had finished a long rest. This process occurs over the course of 24 hours after my \"death\". Effects that would remove or damage my soul have no effect on me unless they would target my phylactery.\nAdditionally, as a part of the ritual I must create a phylactery to house my soul. This phylactery is superior to that of a normal lich and functions perfectly, avoiding the traditional requirement of soul sacrifices to maintain my mind and body. The phylactery must be created from an extremely rare gem of extraordinary quality, typically no less than 100,000 gp in value. At my DM's discretion, I may use similarly valuable items or paraphernalia as my phylactery. A phylactery is an object with 300 HP and an AC of 25. My phylactery is immune to damage from Non-Epic sources and is immune to Non-Epic spells and effects.",
			},

			"school of transmutation" : {
				name : "School of Transmutation",
				description : "\n   " + "When I would create a transmuter's stone, I may instead create a philosopher’s stone by spending 20,000 gp of rare alchemical materials in the process. A philosopher's stone has all the properties of a transmuter’s stone, plus these added benefits:\n   The stone has 3 charges and recovers 1 charge at the start of each day. As an action, I can expend a charge to cause one of the effects as detailed on my \"Master Transmuter\" subclass feature without destroying the philosopher’s stone.\n   While I hold my philosopher’s stone, I no longer require material components to cast my spells.\n   When I cast a Non-Epic spell from the Transmutation school with a duration greater than instantaneous, I can destroy my philosopher’s stone as a part of that casting to make the duration of that spell permanent.",
			},

			"war magic" : {
				name : "War Magic",
				description : "\n   " + "My archmage level is added to my wizard level for the purposes of determining the effects of my \"War Magic\" subclass features. Additionally, when I cast a spell that affects an area (such as a cube, cone, cylinder, line, radius, or square), I can choose to double all dimensions of the spell’s area for the duration of its effect.",
			},
		},

		"arcane brilliance" : {
			name : "Arcane Brilliance",
			source : [["ELCR", 75], ["ELHH", 105]],
			minlevel : 8,
			description : "\n   " + "As a reaction when a creature I can see casts a spell that I could learn as a wizard or archmage, I may attempt an Arcana ability check against a DC of 20 + the spell's level. On a success, I can retain enough knowledge of the spell to copy it into a spellbook. I retain this knowledge for 1 week before forgetting the details necessary to copy the spell.",
			action : ["reaction"],
		},

		"supreme magic" : {
			name : "Supreme Magic",
			source : [["ELCR", 75], ["ELHH", 105]],
			minlevel : 10,
			description : "\n   " + "I can learn Non-Epic and Epic spells from any class spell list. Additionally, I may cast any number of Epic spells in a single turn as long as I have the required actions to do so.",
			spellcastingBonus : {

				name : "Supreme Magic",

				class : ["bard", "cleric", "druid", "ranger", "paladin", "sorcerer", "warlock", "wizard", "ascendant", "primordial", "archon", "overlord", "archmage"],

				times : 10,

				prepared : true,
			},
		},
	}
}

SpellsList["blackout"] = {

	name : "Blackout",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*blackout).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 77], ["ELHH", 165]],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "The dust of a disintegrated dragon",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	description : "I distort the flow of magic around a single creature I can see within range, cutting it off from all magical energy.",

	descriptionFull : "I distort the flow of magic around a single creature I can see within range, cutting it off from all magical energy. The target cannot cast non-Epic spells for the effect’s duration. A creature attempting to cast an Epic spell must succeed on a Charisma saving throw or have the effect fail and any resources used to cast the spell are wasted. At the end of each of the creature’s turns, it may attempt a Wisdom saving throw to end the effect. Once a creature has made three successful Wisdom saving throws over the spell’s duration, the effect ends.",
}

SpellsList["grand summons"] = {

	name : "Grand Summons",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*grand)(?=.*summons).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 77], ["ELHH", 166]],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "10 min",

	range : "50 ft",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A detailed anatomical sketch of the creature I wish to summon and an adamantine cage large enough to hold the creature",

	duration : "8 h",

	description : "I summon a single creature that I have encountered before and bind it to my service.",

	descriptionFull : "I summon a single creature that I have encountered before and bind it to my service. The creature cannot be a legendary or mythic creature and must have a challenge rating no greater than my character level. The creature appears in an unoccupied space within range and is bound within a magical confinement of my design from which it cannot escape by any means while the spell is in effect. A creature bound within this confinement is immune to any damage or hostile effect for as long as it remains within the confinement and is under no compulsion to behave in any particular way. As an action, I can free the creature from its confinement and teleport it to an unoccupied space within 100 feet of me. If the creature cannot be teleported to a space within this area, the effect fails and the creature remains confined. While free from its confinement, the creature obeys all of my instructions and commands to the best of its ability (no action required by me) and when rolling initiative may instead take its turn either immediately before or after mine. As an action, I may dismiss the creature and teleport it back to its magical confinement. If the creature cannot be teleported back to the confinement, the effect fails and the spell ends. If the creature is slain, the spell ends. If the spell ends before the creature is slain and the creature is in its magical confinement, it vanishes back to its place of origin. If the spell ends and the creature is not in the magical confinement produced by this spell, it is freed and may act according to its own wishes and desires. The creature may be hostile depending on how it was treated when it served me. This spell immediately ends if I cast it again before its duration ends.",
}

SpellsList["hellball"] = {

	name : "Hellball",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*hellball).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 78], ["ELHH", 166]],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "500 ft",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "Raw chaotic power contained in a crystal ball 10 inches in diameter",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I release a furious sphere of destructive energy at a point I choose within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I release a furious sphere of destructive energy at a point I choose within range that decimates my enemies in a tremendous explosion of inescapable chaos. Each creature, object, and structure in a 60-foot-radius sphere centered on that point takes 200 points of arcane damage. For each affected creature that is vulnerable to a type of damage, the magic of the spell senses those creature's weaknesses and instead deals that type of damage to only those creatures instead.",
}

SpellsList["knowledge cascade"] = {

	name : "Knowledge Cascade",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*knowledge)(?=.*cascade).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 78], ["ELHH", 166]],

	classes : [""],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpDiv",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A perfect stone replica of a humanoid brain",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "A single creature I touch is flooded with information and experience.",

	descriptionFull : "A single creature I touch is flooded with information and experience. The target instantly recovers any class features, spell slots, or other abilities as though it had finished a short rest.",
}

SpellsList["mircocosm"] = {

	name : "Microcosm",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*microcosm).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 78], ["ELHH", 166]],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEnch",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "30 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "Silver medical tools used to perform a lobotomy",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "I warp the consciousness of a single creature I can see within range, trapping it within a fictional reality of my own design.",

	descriptionFull : "I warp the consciousness of a single creature I can see within range, trapping it within a fictional reality of my own design. This spell destroys a creature's higher brain functions, effectively lobotomizing the creature. If the creature I choose has 200 or fewer HP, it is immediately and permanently incapacitated, cannot communicate in any way, willingly causes effects to occur, and cannot spend movement. A creature afflicted by this spell makes no effort to preserve itself and unless it receives medical care it will simply die from exposure, starvation, or other environmental factors. If a creature is reduced to 200 or fewer HP over the course of the spell's duration, it is subjected to the spell's effects immediately. The effects of this spell can only be removed by Deific effects or a second casting of the spell by me on an affected creature.",
}

SpellsList["obsolescence"] = {

	name : "Obsolescence",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*obsolescence).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 78], ["ELHH", 166]],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpNecro",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "The soul of a creature from an extinct race",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	description : "My gaze unleashes destructive energies that annihilate a single creature I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "My gaze unleashes destructive energies that annihilate a single creature I can see within range. The creature must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 100 points of necrotic damage, or half as much on a success. Until the spell ends, on each of my turns I may take an action to channel destructive power into my target, which must attempt a Constitution saving throw. On a failed saving throw, the target takes 100 points of necrotic damage, plus an additional 100 points of necrotic damage for each round it has been affected by the spell, or half as much on a success. The spell ends if you use my action to do anything else or if the target is ever outside the spell’s range. Creatures reduced to 0 HP by this spell are destroyed utterly and can only be restored to life by Deific means.",
}

SpellsList["prismatic weapon"] = {

	name : "Prismatic Weapon",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*prismatic)(?=.*weapon).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 78], ["ELHH", 167]],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A rainbow magically confined in a wine bottle",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "I touch a weapon, transforming it into a brilliant tool of luminescent destruction.",

	descriptionFull : "I touch a weapon, transforming it into a brilliant tool of luminescent destruction. The weapon is imbued with eight different colors which glisten and sparkle, shedding bright light in a 30-foot radius. When the weapon scores a hit, the wielder may elect to expend a color of its choice to cause the attack to have the additional listed effect. Once a color has been expended it disappears from the weapon and cannot be used again. If the weapon has no colors remaining, the effect ends.\n   Red: The hit deals an additional 10d6 fire damage.\n   Orange: The hit deals an additional 10d6 acid damage.\n   Yellow: The hit deals an additional 10d6 lightning damage.\n   Green: The hit deals an additional 10d6 poison damage.\n   Blue: The hit deals an additional 10d6 cold damage.\n   Indigo: The target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or be petrified until the end of its next turn.\n   Violet: The target is blinded until the spell ends.\n   Mysterious: The hit deals an additional 10d6 arcane damage.",
}

SpellsList["traumatize"] = {

	name : "Traumatize",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*traumatize).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 79],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpIllus",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A relic of a mad god)",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Wis",

	description : "I make a melee spell attack to afflict a creature within reach with horrifying visions of inconceivable malevolence that shatter its sanity.",

	descriptionFull : "I make a melee spell attack to afflict a creature within reach with horrifying visions of inconceivable malevolence that shatter its sanity. On a successful hit, the target must attempt a Wisdom saving throw. On a failure, the creature gains 6 levels of the traumatized condition; on a successful saving throw, the creature gains 3 levels of the traumatized condition. This condition is special and cannot be removed by non-Deific effects other than the means presented in this spell. At the end of each of the creature’s turns, it can attempt a Wisdom saving throw, reducing its levels of traumatized by 1 on a success. Traumatized is measured in 6 levels.\n   Level   Effect\n   1       Cannot be resistant or immune to psychic damage.\n   2       Cannot be immune to the frightened condition.\n   3       Epic Disadvantage on Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws.\n   4       Vulnerable to psychic damage.\n   5       Senses are reduced to 15 feet and frightened of everything beyond that radius.\n   6       Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma ability scores are 1 and cannot take actions.\nIf an already traumatized creature suffers another effect that causes traumatized, its current level of traumatized increases by an amount specified in the effect’s description. A creature suffers the effect of its current level of traumatized as well as all lower levels. If I cast this spell a second time and attack the same creature within 24 hours, the creature is no longer afforded a Wisdom saving throw at the end of each of its turns to reduce levels of the traumatized condition.",
}

FeatsList["alchaemaestro"] = {

	name : "Alchaemaestro",

	source : ["ELHH", 112],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When the duration of a potion I drink would end, I can choose to concentrate on it (as though concentrating on a spell). If I do so, the potion's duration continues for as long as I maintain concentration, instead of for its normal duration.",

	descriptionFull : "My physiology is well adapted for consuming and enduring the effects of potions, granting me the following benefits:\n   When I would drink a potion as an action, I may instead drink it as a bonus action.\n   When the duration of a potion I drink would end, I can choose to concentrate on it (as though concentrating on a spell). If I do so, the potion's duration continues for as long as I maintain concentration, instead of for its normal duration.\n   The effects of potions affecting me are not considered magical effects.",
}

FeatsList["arcane insight"] = {

	name : "Arcane Insight",

	source : [["ELCR", 82], ["ELHH", 112]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have Epic Advantage on saving throws against Non- Epic spells, Epic Spells, Non-Epic magical effects, and Epic magical effects.",

	descriptionFull : "I understand the nature of magic on nearly every level, which allows me to manipulate and study it with ease. I gain the following benefits:\n   I have Epic Advantage on saving throws against Non- Epic spells, Epic Spells, Non-Epic magical effects, and Epic magical effects.\n   When I use my reaction to successfully identify a spell, I regain the use of my reaction at the end of that turn.\n   When an Epic spell is cast within 1 mile of me or I'm within 1 mile of an Epic magical effect, I immediately sense its casting, its presence, and the general direction from which the spell or effect originates. I do not know the nature, power, or the effects of the spell I sense, only that Epic magic is being used withi nmy vicinity.",
}

FeatsList["artifact affinity"] = {

	name : "Artifact Affinity",

	source : [["ELCR", 82], ["ELHH", 112]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can attune myself to up to four magic items over the course of a single short rest, or to a single item by spending 15 minutes handling the item.",

	descriptionFull : "My proficiency with magical equipment and powerful items is remarkable, granting me exceptional understanding and versatility. I gain the following benefits:\n   I can be attuned to four magic items at a time.\n   I can attune myself to up to four magic items over the course of a single short rest, or to a single item by spending 15 minutes handling the item.\n   When I touch a magic item of legendary rarity or lower, including artifacts, for the first time, I may immediately cast the spell identify (no action required). This casting can be used within areas of antimagic and cannot be countered or prevented by non-Deific means.",
}

FeatsList["blinding speed"] = {

	name : "Blinding Speed",

	source : ["ELHH", 112],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I move, I do so with such speed that it appears instantaneous to other creatures, as though I had teleported to where I ended my movement. As a result, my movement does not provoke opportunity attacks and I'm heavily obscured while I'm moving.",

	descriptionFull : "My speed and reflexes are indescribable, allowing me to move without being perceived.\n   When I move, I do so with such speed that it appears instantaneous to other creatures, as though I had teleported to where I ended my movement. As a result, my movement does not provoke opportunity attacks and I'm heavily obscured while I'm moving.\n   When I take the Dash action, I also take the Dodge action.\n   When I would perform light physical activity that would ordinarily take up to 1 hour, I can instead perform it in 1 minute.",
}

FeatsList["bloodthirsty"] = {

	name : "Bloodthirsty",

	source : ["ELCR", 82],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Once per round, when I slay an enemy creature with a challenge rating of 10 or higher, the next time I take an action before the end of my next turn, I may instead take two actions.",

	descriptionFull : "My lust for combat is unrivaled as I revel in bloody battle. I gain the following benefits:\n   Once per round, when I slay an enemy creature with a challenge rating of 10 or higher, the next time I take an action before the end of my next turn, I may instead take two actions.\n   Creatures reduced to 0 HP by my attacks are instantly slain.\n   I may consume a pint of blood to gain the effects of both eating one pound of food and drinking one gallon of water.",
}

FeatsList["boundless creativity"] = {

	name : "Boundless Creativity",

	source : [["ELCR", 82], ["ELHH", 112]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I'm proficient in all languages I have encountered. I may learn a new language by spending 8 hours speaking the language with native speakers or studying a work of literature written in the language.",

	descriptionFull : "My creative mind is unparalleled, allowing me to solve even the most complex problems with ease. I gain the following benefits:\n   I can take the help, read, search, or use an object action on my turn as a bonus action.\n   I have Epic Advantage on Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma ability checks.\n   I'm proficient in all languages I have encountered. I may learn a new language by spending 8 hours speaking the language with native speakers or studying a work of literature written in the language.",
}

FeatsList["cavalry master"] = {

	name : "Cavalry Master",

	source : [["ELCR", 82], ["ELHH", 112]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "If my mount moves at least 60 feet in a straight line and I immediately use one of my actions to make a melee weapon attack at the end of that movement, I double the damage of the attack on a successful hit. I cannot benefit from this feature more than once per round.",

	descriptionFull : "My skill with mounts is legendary. While I'm mounted and aren’t incapacitated, I gain the following benefits:\n   If my mount moves at least 60 feet in a straight line and I immediately use one of my actions to make a melee weapon attack at the end of that movement, I double the damage of the attack on a successful hit. I cannot benefit from this feature more than once per round.\n   My mount has resistance to all damage and I have Epic Advantage on saving throws and ability checks against effects that would force me to dismount.\n   When I roll for initiative and my mount is intelligent enough to have its own turn, I may choose instead to have my mount act on the same turn as me.",
}

FeatsList["deadshot"] = {

	name : "Deadshot",

	source : ["ELHH", 112],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can make ranged weapon attacks against targets that have total cover from me, provided there is a solid surface within 30 feet of the target that the target does not have total cover from and is within range of my weapon. To make such an attack, I must take a -5 penalty to my attack roll as I ricochet my attack off the solid surface in an attempt to hit the target.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm unrivaled in ranged combat, performing feats of sharpshooting that leave others speechless. I gain the following benefits:\n   I can make opportunity attacks using ranged weapons, and creatures provoke opportunity attacks from me when they lose total cover against me.\n   I can make ranged weapon attacks against targets that have total cover from me, provided there is a solid surface within 30 feet of the target that the target does not have total cover from and is within range of my weapon. To make such an attack, I must take a -5 penalty to my attack roll as I ricochet my attack off the solid surface in an attempt to hit the target.\n   When I miss a ranged weapon attack, I learn the AC of my target.",
}

FeatsList["deathbringer"] = {

	name : "Deathbringer",

	source : [["ELCR", 82], ["ELHH", 113]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I take the Attack action, I may make an additional weapon attack as a part of that action, in addition to any other attacks I would normally make.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm an unrelenting force of destruction as I deal death with every blow. I gain the following benefits:\n   When I take the Attack action, I may make an additional weapon attack as a part of that action, in addition to any other attacks I would normally make.\n   When I hit a creature with a challenge rating of 5 or lower with a weapon attack, it is instantly slain unless I choose to not slay it.\n   I always know exactly how many creatures I have killed.",
}

FeatsList["devastating charger"] = {

	name : "Devastating Charger",

	source : [["ELCR", 82], ["ELHH", 113]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "On each of my turns, when I take the Dash action, I may also take an Attack action. When I take the Attack action granted by this feature, I cannot spend any movement for the remainder of that turn.",

	descriptionFull : "My charges can lay waste to your enemies in battle, driving them back with the ferocity of my blows. I gain the following benefits:\n   On each of my turns, when I take the Dash action, I may also take an Attack action. When I take the Attack action granted by this feature, I cannot spend any movement for the remainder of that turn.\n   When I shove a creature, I may spend 5 or more feet of movement to increase the distance the creature is pushed away from you by 10 feet for every 5 feet of movement spent.\n   When I take the Dash action, every time I spend movement I can shake the ground within 15 feet of me with my footfalls.",
}

FeatsList["divine aspect"] = {

	name : "Divine Aspect",

	source : [["ELCR", 83], ["ELHH", 113]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I deal radiant damage, I may instead do righteous damage, and when I deal necrotic damage I may instead do vile damage.",

	descriptionFull : "I harness the power of good and evil, which allows me to smite enemies with raw holy or unholy power. I gain the following benefits:\n   When I deal radiant damage, I may instead do righteous damage, and when I deal necrotic damage I may instead do vile damage.\n   My alignment cannot be changed unless I allow it, and I cannot be compelled by non-Deific sources to allow my alignment to be changed.\n   I'm aware of the presence of any deity that occupies the same plane as me. I know the deities' names, alignment, and divine rank.",
}

FeatsList["energy infusion"] = {

	name : "Energy Infusion",

	source : [["ELCR", 83], ["ELHH", 113]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to the damage type I selected when I gained this Epic feat.",

	descriptionFull : "I develop a particular affinity for types of elemental energy which I can manipulate at will. When I select this feat, I choose a damage type from the following: acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder. I gain the following benefits:\n   Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to the damage type I selected when I gained this Epic feat.\n   When I'm subjected to damage of my chosen type from an enemy creature, I may use my reaction to instead take no damage and gain temporary HP equal to the damage I would have been dealt.\n   Unless we are enemies, elementals I encounter are friendly toward me.",

	choices : ['Acid', 'Cold', 'Fire', 'Lightning', 'Thunder'],

	"acid" : {
	
		name : "Acid Infusion",

		description : "Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to acid.",

		descriptionFull : "I develop a particular affinity for types of elemental energy which I can manipulate at will. I gain the following benefits:\n   Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to acid.\n   When I'm subjected to acid damage, I may use my reaction to instead take no damage and gain temporary HP equal to the damage I would have been dealt.\n   Unless we are enemies, elementals I encounter are friendly toward me.",
	},

	"cold" : {
	
		name : "Cold Infusion",

		description : "Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to cold.",

		descriptionFull : "I develop a particular affinity for types of elemental energy which I can manipulate at will. I gain the following benefits:\n   Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to cold.\n   When I'm subjected to cold damage, I may use my reaction to instead take no damage and gain temporary HP equal to the damage I would have been dealt.\n   Unless we are enemies, elementals I encounter are friendly toward me.",
	},

	"fire" : {
	
		name : "Fire Infusion",

		description : "Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to fire.",

		descriptionFull : "I develop a particular affinity for types of elemental energy which I can manipulate at will. I gain the following benefits:\n   Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to fire.\n   When I'm subjected to fire damage, I may use my reaction to instead take no damage and gain temporary HP equal to the damage I would have been dealt.\n   Unless we are enemies, elementals I encounter are friendly toward me.",
	},

	"lightning" : {
	
		name : "Lightning Infusion",

		description : "Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to lightning.",

		descriptionFull : "I develop a particular affinity for types of elemental energy which I can manipulate at will. I gain the following benefits:\n   Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to lightning.\n   When I'm subjected to lightning damage, I may use my reaction to instead take no damage and gain temporary HP equal to the damage I would have been dealt.\n   Unless we are enemies, elementals I encounter are friendly toward me.",
	},

	"thunder" : {
	
		name : "Thunder Infusion",

		description : "Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to thunder.",

		descriptionFull : "I develop a particular affinity for types of elemental energy which I can manipulate at will. I gain the following benefits:\n   Once per turn, when I deal acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage I may change that damage's type to thunder.\n   When I'm subjected to thunder damage, I may use my reaction to instead take no damage and gain temporary HP equal to the damage I would have been dealt.\n   Unless we are enemies, elementals I encounter are friendly toward me.",
	}
}

FeatsList["extraordinary focus"] = {

	name : "Extraordinary Focus",

	source : [["ELCR", 83], ["ELHH", 113]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I take 50 or less damage while I'm concentrating on a spell, magical effect, or other feature, I automatically succeed on my Constitution saving throw to maintain concentration.",

	descriptionFull : "I can concentrate with precision and discipline even through the most trying of circumstances. I gain the following benefits:\n   When I take 50 or less damage while I'm concentrating on a spell, magical effect, or other feature, I automatically succeed on my Constitution saving throw to maintain concentration.\n   Whenever I take damage while I'm concentrating on a spell and I attempt a Constitution saving throw to maintain my concentration, the DC for that saving throw equals 25 percent of the damage I took (rounded down) or 10, whichever number is higher.\n   If I'm able to be taught a skill, technique, or profession, I can fully learn that skill, technique, or profession in half the usual amount of time required.",
}

FeatsList["fists of fury"] = {

	name : "Fists of Fury",

	source : [["ELCR", 83], ["ELHH", 113]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Once per turn, when I successfully score a critical hit with an unarmed strike, I may immediately take the Attack action. Attacks made with this action can only be made using my unarmed strike.",

	descriptionFull : "My unarmed strikes land with punishing force, allowing me to destroy both creatures and objects with only my fists. I gain the following benefits:\n   When I deal weapon damage with my unarmed strike, I can choose to deal force damage instead of the usual damage type.\n   Once per turn, when I successfully score a critical hit with an unarmed strike, I may immediately take the Attack action. Attacks made with this action can only be made using my unarmed strike.\n   My unarmed strikes deal double damage to objects and structures.",
}

FeatsList["flawless instincts"] = {

	name : "Flawless Insticnts",

	source : [["ELCR", 84], ["ELHH", 113]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I have Epic Advantage on saving throws against traps, and traps have Epic Disadvantage on attack rolls against me.",

	descriptionFull : "My senses are always acute and accurate, granting me the following benefits:\n   I have Epic Advantage on saving throws against traps, and traps have Epic Disadvantage on attack rolls against me.\n   I cannot be surprised and when initiative is rolled, I may immediately move up to my speed.\n   If a creature is hidden within 120 feet of me, I sense its presence, but not its exact location.",
}

FeatsList["force of will"] = {

	name : "Force of Will",

	source : [["ELCR", 84], ["ELHH", 114]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "If I'm not unconscious, you are immune to psychic damage, any effect that would sense my emotion or read my thoughts, Non-Epic divination spells, and the charmed and frightened conditions.",

	descriptionFull : "My mind possesses remarkable clarity and strength which allows me to resist almost any attempt to manipulate me. I gain the following benefits:\n   If I'm not unconscious, you are immune to psychic damage, any effect that would sense my emotion or read my thoughts, Non-Epic divination spells, and the charmed and frightened conditions.\n   When I attempt a Constitution saving throw, I may attempt a Wisdom saving throw instead (the DC remains the same).\n   If a creature uses telepathy to speak to me, I may deal 5 points of psychic damage to the creature for every continuous minute it remains in contact with me.",

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["charmed", "frightened"]
	},
}

FeatsList["giver of life"] = {

	name : "Giver of Life",

	source : [["ELCR", 84], ["ELHH", 114]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I cause a creature to regain HP with a feature, healer’s kit, or spell, I double the amount of HP regained after all dice (if any) are rolled and modifiers (if any) are applied.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm a master of healing energies, able to restore even the most wounded creature to full strength. I gain the following benefits:\n   When I cause a creature to regain HP with a feature, healer’s kit, or spell, I double the amount of HP regained after all dice (if any) are rolled and modifiers (if any) are applied.\n   When I cause a creature to regain HP, if that creature has missing body parts (eyes, legs, arms, etc.), I can restore one missing body part for every 40 HP regained.\n   Unless we were enemies in life, creatures I restore to life are friendly toward me.",
}

FeatsList["immortality"] = {

	name : "Immortality",

	source : [["ELCR", 84], ["ELHH", 114]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "If I'm reduced to 0 HP, I may use my reaction to spend one or more of my Hit Dice to recover HP as though I had instantly finished a short rest. Once I have used this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a short or long rest.",

	descriptionFull : "I transcend the limitations of life itself, granting me the following benefits:\n   If I'm reduced to 0 HP, I may use my reaction to spend one or more of my Hit Dice to recover HP as though I had instantly finished a short rest. Once I have used this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a short or long rest.\n   I no longer suffer from the effects of aging and cannot be magically aged by non-Deific means.\n   My soul cannot be destroyed by any means.",

	usages : 1,

	recovery : "long rest",

	action : ["reaction"],
}

FeatsList["impenetrable bulwark"] = {

	name : "Impenetrable Bulwark",

	source : ["ELHH", 114],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "While I'm wearing heavy armor and wielding a shield, when I take damage equal to or less than my AC in a single instance, I instead take no damage.",

	descriptionFull : "Together my armor and shield provide the ultimate defense against my enemies, granting me the following benefits:\n   While I'm wearing heavy armor and wielding a shield, when I take damage equal to or less than my AC in a single instance, I instead take no damage.\n   When I would make a weapon attack, I may forgo that attack to instead take the Dodge action.\n   Armor I'm wearing is immune to damage from non-Epic sources.",
}

FeatsList["legendary skills"] = {

	name : "Legendary Skills",

	source : [["ELCR", 84], ["ELHH", 114]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I roll a 20 on an ability check in which I'm proficient in, I automatically succeed on that ability check. If I use any feature other than rolling the d20 to achieve the result, I do not automatically succeed on the ability check.",

	descriptionFull : "I can master techniques and tools with Epic speed, granting me the following benefits:\n   I have 3 legend points. When I finish a long rest, I can spend those legend points to gain proficiency in a single skill or tool of my choice for each legend point spent. If I'm already proficient in the skill I choose, I instead double my proficiency bonus for any ability check I attempt that uses the chosen skill. Proficiencies gained through legend points last until I finish a long rest and I regain spent legend points when I finish a long rest.\n   When I roll a 20 on an ability check in which I'm proficient in, I automatically succeed on that ability check. If I use any feature other than rolling the d20 to achieve the result, I do not automatically succeed on the ability check.\n   I know the DC of an ability check (if any) when I attempt it.",
}

FeatsList["living armor"] = {

	name : "Living Armor",

	source : [["ELCR", 85], ["ELHH", 114]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "While I'm wearing armor, I no longer have disadvantage on Stealth ability checks and armor no longer imposes penalties to my speed.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm so comfortable in armor it is like a second skin, granting me the following benefits:\n   While I'm wearing armor, I no longer have disadvantage on Stealth ability checks and armor no longer imposes penalties to my speed.\n   While I'm wearing armor, my Armor Class increases by 2 and I cannot be critically hit.\n   As an action, I can don or doff a set of armor.",

	action : ["action"],
}

FeatsList["lord of war"] = {

	name : "Lord of War",

	source : [["ELCR", 85], ["ELHH", 114]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I become proficient with any weapon I wield after 10 minutes of practice with that weapon and I cannot be disarmed by Non-Epic means.",

	descriptionFull : "My skill with weapons of war cannot be rivaled, allowing me to wield them with peerless ability. When I select this feat, choose three different weapon properties from the following table. I gain the corresponding benefits according to which weapon properties I select. In addition, I become proficient with any weapon I wield after 10 minutes of practice with that weapon and I cannot be disarmed by Non-Epic means.\n   Finesse   While I wield a melee weapon, it has the Finesse property.\n   Heavy   When I score a critical hit on a weapon attack made with a heavy weapon, I can roll one additional weapon damage die when determining the extra damage for a critical hit.\n   Light   Once per turn, when I miss on a weapon attack made with a light weapon, I can instead hit and deal the minimum possible damage on that attack’s damage dice.\n   Reach   When I make a successful attack with a weapon with the Reach property, I may pull the target 5 feet closer to me or push it 5 feet away from me.\n   Thrown   When I make a weapon attack with a weapon with the Thrown property, if I'm within 30 feet of my target, I may choose to have that weapon return to my hand immediately after the attack.\n   Two-Handed   I ignore the two-handed requirement of weapons I wield.",
}

FeatsList["magical savant"] = {

	name : "Magical Savant",

	source : [["ELCR", 85], ["ELHH", 116]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "The DC to resist my spells equals 10 + my spellcasting ability modifier + my proficiency bonus + any special modifiers. If I have multiple features that give I different ways to calculate my spell save DC, I choose which one to use.",

	descriptionFull : "I have mastered many of the subtleties of spellcasting, increasing the power of my magic considerably. I gain the following benefits:\n   The DC to resist my spells equals 10 + my spellcasting ability modifier + my proficiency bonus + any special modifiers. If I have multiple features that give I different ways to calculate my spell save DC, I choose which one to use.\n   When I cast a spell with a casting time of a bonus action, I may cast any number of additional spells that turn, as long as I have the required actions to do so.\n   Instead of a normal spellcasting focus, I can use a special spellcasting focus to cast my spells. The focus may be a tattoo, a wearable piece of equipment, or of a custom design according to my proclivities. I do not need to carry this focus in my hand to cast a spell, but it must be on my physical person in some manner.",
}

FeatsList["master of ceremonies"] = {

	name : "Master of Ceremonies",

	source : [["ELCR", 85], ["ELHH", 116]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I cast a non-Epic spell that is not a ritual with a casting time greater than 1 action, I may instead cast that spell as an action.",

	descriptionFull : "I can cast in mere moments spells that take others hours to perform. I gain the following benefits:\n   When I cast a non-Epic spell that is not a ritual with a casting time greater than 1 action, I may instead cast that spell as an action.\n   The casting time for rituals I cast is halved.\n   If I spend 10 continuous minutes performing a funeral rite over a creature's corpse, it cannot be returned to life by Non-Epic means.",
}

FeatsList["master tactician"] = {

	name : "Master Tactician",

	source : [["ELCR", 85], ["ELHH", 116]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I have advantage or Epic Advantage on an attack roll, I roll three d20s instead of two. I use the highest of the three rolls to determine the result of the roll.",

	descriptionFull : "My tactical genius allows me to make the most of every advantage, granting me the following benefits:\n   When I have advantage or Epic Advantage on an attack roll, I roll three d20s instead of two. I use the highest of the three rolls to determine the result of the roll.\n   When I have both advantage and disadvantage on a single roll or both Epic Advantage and Epic Disadvantage on a single roll, I instead have advantage or Epic Advantage on that roll.\n   I'm proficient in all games of strategy (chess, go, etc.).",
}

FeatsList["mighty magic"] = {

	name : "Mighty Magic",

	source : ["ELHH", 116],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I cast a spell with a range of touch, I may make a single weapon attack against my target as a part of casting that spell.",

	descriptionFull : "My magic becomes enhanced by my physical power, granting me the following benefits:\n   My spellcasting ability changes to Strength.\n   When I cast a spell with a range of touch, I may make a single weapon attack against my target as a part of casting that spell.\n   I can perform somatic components for spells by flexing my muscles.",
}

FeatsList["mystic sage"] = {

	name : "Mystic Sage",

	source : ["ELHH", 116],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I use a spell scroll, I roll a d20. On an 11 or higher, the spell scroll is not expended and can be used again.",

	descriptionFull : "I have delved deeply into the secrets of magic and unearthed untold power. I gain the following benefits:\n   I choose a non-Epic class and Epic prestige class spell list other than my own. Spells on those lists are considered class spells for me. When I would learn a new spell or Epic spell from my lists, I may instead learn one from the lists I chose. Additionally, when I take this feat, I may immediately replace any number of spells I know with spells from those lists.\n   When I use a spell scroll, I roll a d20. On an 11 or higher, the spell scroll is not expended and can be used again.\n   Creatures cannot identify spells I'm casting until after they have been cast.",
}

FeatsList["paragon"] = {

	name : "Paragon",

	source : [["ELCR", 85], ["ELHH", 116]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I choose a saving throw. I gain proficiency in that saving throw. If I'm already proficient in the saving throw I choose, whenever I attempt that saving throw I can treat a d20 roll of 9 or lower as a 10.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm a perfect example of my species, and I gain the following benefits:\n   My proficiency bonus is always increased by 1.\n   I choose a saving throw. I gain proficiency in that saving throw. If I'm already proficient in the saving throw I choose, whenever I attempt that saving throw I can treat a d20 roll of 9 or lower as a 10.\n   My children are born with the Paragon Epic feat.",
}

FeatsList["perfect health"] = {

	name : "Perfect Health",

	source : [["ELCR", 85], ["ELHH", 116]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I choose a saving throw. I gain proficiency in that saving throw. If I'm already proficient in the saving throw I choose, whenever I attempt that saving throw I can treat a d20 roll of 9 or lower as a 10.",

	descriptionFull : "My body is the pinnacle of physical health, granting me the following benefits:\n   My HP maximum increases as though I had rolled the highest possible roll on each of my Hit Dice each time I gained a level, instead of what I had rolled before I selected this feat.\n   At the end of a long rest, I regain all of my spent Hit Dice instead of half my total Hit Dice.\n   I automatically succeed on Constitution ability checks to consume food or drink.",
}

FeatsList["perpetual athlete"] = {

	name : "Perpetual Athlete",

	source : [["ELCR", 85], ["ELHH", 116]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I take the Dash action, I gain extra speed equal to twice my movement instead of my normal benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "My speed is extraordinary, my endurance limitless. I gain the following benefits:\n   When I take the Dash action, I gain extra speed equal to twice my movement instead of my normal benefits.\n   I'm immune to the exhausted condition.\n   When I jump, I can increase the maximum length or height of my jump by 20 feet.",

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["exhaustion"]
	},
}

FeatsList["relentless warrior"] = {

	name : "Relentless Warrior",

	source : [["ELCR", 86], ["ELHH", 117]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I miss on a weapon attack on my turn, I gain a cumulative +5 bonus to all subsequent weapon attacks I make until the end of my turn.",

	descriptionFull : "My attacks are as tenacious as they are deadly, allowing me to turn the fury of a failed attack into power for my subsequent blows. I gain the following benefits:\n   When I miss on a weapon attack on my turn, I gain a cumulative +5 bonus to all subsequent weapon attacks I make until the end of my turn.\n   The targets of my weapon attacks cannot take reactions in response to my weapon attacks.\n   Non-Epic allies who can see me will not surrender in battle unless I also surrender.",
}

FeatsList["shadowdancer"] = {

	name : "Shadowdancer",

	source : ["ELHH", 117],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "I can attempt to Hide from creatures with blindsight or tremorsense as though they did not have those senses. Additionally, creatures with those senses cannot automatically detect me and instead have Epic Advantage on Perception checks to detect me.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm one with the shadows, an imperceptible, elusive target that cannot be caught. I gain the following benefits:\n   As a reaction to when a creature that cannot see I would hit me with an attack, I can instead cause that attack to miss.\n   I can attempt to Hide from creatures with blindsight or tremorsense as though they did not have those senses. Additionally, creatures with those senses cannot automatically detect me and instead have Epic Advantage on Perception checks to detect me.\n   I can perfectly perform any act of shadow puppetry.",
}

FeatsList["sight beyond sight"] = {

	name : "Sight Beyond Sight",

	source : [["ELCR", 86], ["ELHH", 117]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "As long as I have eyes, I'm immune to the blinded condition and I have truesight. I can notice secret doors hidden by magic and can see into the ethereal plane, all out to range of 120 feet.",

	descriptionFull : "My eyesight becomes peerless, granting me the following benefits:\n   As long as I have eyes, I'm immune to the blinded condition and I have truesight. I can notice secret doors hidden by magic and can see into the ethereal plane, all out to range of 120 feet.\n   As long as I have line of sight, I can clearly perceive creatures, objects, and structures up to 10 miles away.\n   I have no need to blink my eyes.",

	vision : [["Truesight", 120]],

	savetxt : {

		immune : ["blinded"]
	},
}

FeatsList["spell lord"] = {

	name : "Spell Lord",

	source : [["ELCR", 86], ["ELHH", 117]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When a creature with a challenge rating of 5 or lower succeeds on a saving throw against a spell cast by me, it instead fails.",

	descriptionFull : "My magic is so powerful as to overwhelm lesser creatures and my spells strike with greater efficacy. I gain the following benefits:\n   My spell attacks score a critical hit on a roll of 18–20.\n   When a creature with a challenge rating of 5 or lower succeeds on a saving throw against a spell cast by me, it instead fails.\n   I learn the cantrip arcane mark.",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Spell Lord",

		spells : ["arcane mark"],

		selection : ["arcane mark"],

		times : 1,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},
}

SpellsList["arcane mark"] = {

	name : "Arcane Mark",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*arcane)(?=.*mark).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 86], ["ELHH", 117]],

	classes : [""],

	level : 0,

	school : "Abjur",

	time : "1 bns",

	range : "Touch or Special",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "Permanent",

	description : "I inscribe a magical signature on an object or structure within reach.",

	descriptionFull : "I inscribe a magical signature on an object or structure within reach. The inscription can take the form of a single symbol, word, or other design as long as it can occupy up to a 6-inch square on the surface of the structure or object. The mark cannot be removed by non-magical means and is unique to me. Attempts by creatures other than me to replicate the design of my inscription automatically fail. Once I have inscribed an object or structure with this spell, I cannot target it with this spell again for as long as it remains inscribed. I can choose to cast this spell immediately after I cast a spell as an action. If I do so, instead of inscribing a magical signature on an object or structure, I give that spell a personalized flair that identifies it as a spell cast by me. Creatures that observe the spell's casting or effects and have knowledge of my existence instantly recognize the spell as one cast by me.",
}

FeatsList["spell reflection"] = {

	name : "Spell Reflection",

	source : [["ELCR", 86], ["ELHH", 117]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I cast a spell (such as counterspell or reverse magic) to successfully counter a spell, I may choose to immediately cast that spell using my spellcasting ability, spell save DC, and spell attack bonus without consuming any spell slots or resources normally required to cast that spell.",

	descriptionFull : "I can counter others’ magic with ease, turning even the mightiest spells back upon their casters. I gain the following benefits:\n   When I cast a spell (such as counterspell or reverse magic) to successfully counter a spell, I may choose to immediately cast that spell using my spellcasting ability, spell save DC, and spell attack bonus without consuming any spell slots or resources normally required to cast that spell.\n   On each of my turns, I can choose to not take my action that turn. If I do so, I gain the use of an additional reaction until the start of my next turn. This reaction is special and can only be used to cast spells with a casting time of a reaction that would attempt to counter a spell (such as counterspell or reverse magic).\n   If I would roll a 9 or lower an ability check to counter or dispel a spell (such as one made when you cast counterspell or dispel magic), I instead roll a 10.",
}

FeatsList["spellslinger"] = {

	name : "Spellslinger",

	source : [["ELCR", 86], ["ELHH", 117]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "If I cast two cantrips on the same turn that target only the same creature, I may use my reaction to cast a cantrip with a casting time of 1 action or bonus action that must target only that creature.",

	descriptionFull : "I can sling cantrips with exceptional speed, greatly decreasing their casting time. I gain the following benefits:\n   Cantrips I know with a casting time of 1 action may be cast as a bonus action instead.\n   If I cast two cantrips on the same turn that target only the same creature, I may use my reaction to cast a cantrip with a casting time of 1 action or bonus action that must target only that creature.\n   I learn three cantrips of my choice from any class spell list, which are class spells for me. If my class does not have a spellcasting ability, I choose which ability (Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma) is my spellcasting ability.",

	spellcastingBonus : {

		name : "Spellsligner",

		class : ["bard", "cleric", "druid", "paladin", "ranger", "sorcerer", "warlock", "wizard"],

		level : [0, 0],

		times : 3,

		prepared : true,

		atwill : true,
	},
}

FeatsList["superior initiative"] = {

	name : "Superior Initiative",

	source : [["ELCR", 86], ["ELHH", 118]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "If I would attempt a saving throw at the end of each of my turns to end an effect, I may instead attempt that saving throw at the start of each of my turns.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm quick on the draw, able to act before most creatures can even blink. I gain the following benefits:\n   If I would attempt a saving throw at the end of each of my turns to end an effect, I may instead attempt that saving throw at the start of each of my turns.\n   When I roll initiative and at the beginning of each round of combat, I may choose when I act in the initiative order, regardless of my initiative.\n   When initiative is rolled, I can immediately ready an action (no action required).",
}

FeatsList["talespinner"] = {

	name : "Talespinner",

	source : ["ELHH", 118],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "As a reaction to when I would make a saving throw or ability check, I may instead make a Performance check to succeed with spectacular flair. The DC remains the same, though it is mysteriously unclear as to how my performance achieved such extraordinary results.",

	descriptionFull : "My music and performance know no equal, resulting in mystical demonstrations of artistry that eclipse all others. I gain the following benefits:\n   As a reaction to when I would make a saving throw or ability check, I may instead make a Performance check to succeed with spectacular flair. The DC remains the same, though it is mysteriously unclear as to how my performance achieved such extraordinary results.\n   I can flawlessly recount any poem, song, or auditory performance I have ever heard.",
}

FeatsList["versatile mind"] = {

	name : "Versatile Mind",

	source : [["ELCR", 87], ["ELHH", 118]],

	prerequisite : "21st level or higher",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When an effect would force me to attempt two identical saving throws at the same time to maintain concentration on two spells on which I'm concentrating, I may instead attempt one of those saving throws to maintain concentration on both of my spells.",

	descriptionFull : "I'm able to focus on multiple tasks simultaneously, diverting my focus precisely and effectively. I gain the following benefits:\n   I can maintain concentration on two spells at once. I do not lose concentration on a spell if I cast a second spell that requires concentration, but  lose concentration on a single spell of my choice on which I'm concentrating on if I cast a third spell that requires concentration.\n   When an effect would force me to attempt two identical saving throws at the same time to maintain concentration on two spells on which I'm concentrating, I may instead attempt one of those saving throws to maintain concentration on both of my spells.\n   I may perform 4 hours of light activity over the course of a long rest instead of 2.",
}

spellSchoolList["EpAbjur"] = "epic abjuration";
spellSchoolList["EpConj"] = "epic conjuration";
spellSchoolList["EpDiv"] = "epic divination";
spellSchoolList["EpEnch"] = "epic enchantment";
spellSchoolList["EpEvoc"] = "epic evocation";
spellSchoolList["EpIllus"] = "epic illusion";
spellSchoolList["EpNecro"] = "epic necromancy";
spellSchoolList["EpTrans"] = "epic transmutation";

SpellsList["adjure purity"] = {

	name : "Adjure Purity",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*adjure)(?=.*purity).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 137],

	classes : ["ascendant", "primordial"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "30 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A white silken cloth that has never been dirtied",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I unleash a scouring torrent of purifying energy at a creature of my choice within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I unleash a scouring torrent of purifying energy at a creature of my choice within range. The target gains the following benefits:\n   It is freed from non-Epic and Epic curses.\n   It is cured of the blinded, deafened, exhaustion, paralyzed, petrified, and stunned conditions.\n   Any reduction to the creature’s hit point maximum is removed.\n   It is cured of any harmful non-Epic and Epic magical effects that last longer than 1 minute.\n   It is cured of any non-Epic or Epic poisons and diseases.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, I may target an additional creature within range.",
}

SpellsList["affair of honor, revised"] = {

	name : "Affair of Honor, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*affair)(?=.*of)(?=.*honor)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 137],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpEnch",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A written contract between both participants, signed in blood",

	duration : "1 h",

	description : "I issue a binding magical threat to an enemy creature that can hear me within range, challenging it to honorable combat.",

	descriptionFull : "I issue a binding magical threat to an enemy creature that can hear me within range, challenging it to honorable combat. The target instinctively understands the nature of my challenge, even if we do not share a language, and can choose to accept (no action required). If it accepts, both me and the creature gain resistance to all damage from all other creatures, and we both deal half damage to all other creatures. Additionally, neither me nor the creature can willingly move away from each other, nor can either of us willingly benefit from effects produced by friendly creatures. The spell ends early if me or the affected creature yields or is slain.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the potency of the enchantment improves. When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell, both me and the target are immune to damage from all other creatures but cannot deal damage to all other creatures. When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, both me and the creature are immune to effects from friendly creatures unless we choose to be affected. If either of us chooses to be affected, the spell immediately ends.\nAs a Ritual: Casting this Epic spell as a ritual increases its casting time to 1 hour. When I cast this spell as a ritual, a 300-foot cube of force forms around me and the target creature and all other creatures within the cube are magically teleported outside of its area. For the duration of the spell, creatures cannot enter or exit the cube by non-Deific means.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["anatomy augmentation"] = {

	name : "Anatomy Augmentation",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*anatomy)(?=.*augmentation).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 91], ["ELHH", 139]],

	classes : ["archmage", "primordial"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A herbal steroid of my own design",

	duration : "10 min",

	description : "A creature I touch is imbued with increased physical or mental characteristics to a grotesque and excessive degree.",

	descriptionFull : "A creature I touch is imbued with increased physical or mental characteristics to a grotesque and excessive degree. I choose a single ability score; the creature has the ability score I selected and its ability score maximum increased by 10, to a maximum of 30. Additionally, if the target has Epic Advantage on saving throws and ability checks using that ability, and if it is not proficient in saving throws or ability checks, it becomes proficient. This spell immediately ends if I cast it again before the duration ends.",
}

SpellsList["antimagic ray"] = {

	name : "Anitmagic Ray",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*antimagic)(?=.*ray).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 91], ["ELHH", 139]],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon", "ascendant", "primordial", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "An iron golem's knuckle",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I choose one creature, object, or magical effect within range. Any Non-Epic spells and a single Tier 1 Epic spell on the target ends.",

	descriptionFull : "I choose one creature, object, or magical effect within range. Any Non-Epic spells and a single Tier 1 Epic spell on the target ends. If the target is under the effects of a Tier 2 Epic spell or higher, I may choose to not end a single Tier 1 Epic spell on the target (if any) and instead attempt an ability check using mt spellcasting ability to end an Epic Spell of a higher tier. The DC equals 24 for a Tier 2 Epic spell and 28 for a Tier 3 Epic spell. On a successful check, the spell ends.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell, I automatically end the effects of single Tier 2 Epic Spell or lower and may choose to not end a single Tier 2 Epic Spell to attempt to end a single Tier 3 Epic Spell. When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, I automatically end the effects of a single Tier 3 Epic Spell.",
}

SpellsList["arboreal metamorphosis"] = {

	name : "Arboreal Metamorphosis",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*arboreal)(?=.*metamorphosis).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 91], ["ELHH", 139]],

	classes : ["primordial", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A nut from an extinct species of tree",

	duration : "1 min",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I attempt to transform one creature that I can see within range into a wooden form that functions like a living tree.",

	descriptionFull : "I attempt to transform one creature that I can see within range into a wooden form that functions like a living tree. If the target's body is made of solid matter, the creature must attempt a Constitution saving throw. On a failure it is restrained as its body begins to harden. On a success the creature isn't affected and the spell ends. A creature affected by this spell must attempt another Constitution saving throw at the end of each of its turns until the spell ends. If it successfully saves against this spell three times, the spell ends. If it fails its saving throw three times the spell ends and the creature is turned to wood and subjected to the petrified condition permanently. The successes and failures don’t need to be consecutive; keep track of both until the spell ends. In the creature’s new form, its body functions like a living tree of a type chosen by me, growing superficial foliage and other appropriate characteristics. If the creature is physically broken while petrified, it suffers from similar deformities if its reverts to its original state.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell, a creature needs only to fail a single additional saving throw over the spell's duration after it fails the initial saving throw to become petrified. When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, a creature that fails the initial saving throw against this spell becomes immediately petrified.",
}

SpellsList["apocalypse, revised"] = {

	name : "Apocalypse, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*apocalypse)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 139],

	classes : ["ascendant", "overlord"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (1 mile rad)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A pinch of dust from a destroyed world",

	duration : "1 h",

	description : "I bring about ruination on an inconceivable scale, sparing none from my destructive magic.",

	descriptionFull : "I bring about ruination on an inconceivable scale, sparing none from my destructive magic. I unleash destruction in a 1-mile-radius aura that is centered on me and moves with me. At the end of each of my turns, a 100-foot cube centered on a point of my choice within the affected area experiences an apocalyptic cataclysm. Creatures, objects, and structures within the affected area have their HP maximums reduced by 50d6. An affected creature can attempt a Constitution saving throw, halving this reduction on a success. A creature that fails this saving throw by 5 or more instead has its HP maximum reduced by 100d6. This reduction lasts until the spell ends. A creature, object, or structure that has its HP maximum reduced to 0 in this manner collapses to ashes.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, the casting time is increased to 100 days. When I begin casting this spell as a ritual, I must designate a willing deity with a divine rank of greater deity or higher to provide the power behind the spell. Over the course of the spell’s casting, I must honor the sponsoring deity with ritualistic sacrifices, extravagant prayers, and other acts of faith that are appropriate to its portfolio. If the ritual is interrupted or fails during this time, both me and the sponsoring deity are destroyed utterly and cannot be restored to life by any means. When I finish casting the spell in this manner, the apocalypse begins. Seas boil, the ground splits open, volcanoes erupt, and the sky rains death. On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), everything on the plane has its HP maximum reduced by 100d6. At the end of the spell’s duration, the plane explodes, and everything remaining on it is obliterated.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["arcane embargo, revised"] = {

	name : "Arcane Embargo, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*arcane)(?=.*embargo)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 140],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A spell scroll of a 9th-level spell from the school of magic you wish to embargo",

	duration : "Permanent",

	description : "I completely ban the use of magic from a certain school by generating a discriminatory field of antimagic.",

	descriptionFull : "I completely ban the use of magic from a certain school by generating a discriminatory field of antimagic. A 100-foot cube of antimagic appears, centered on a point I can see within range. When the cube appears, I must choose a school of magic against which the cube will ward. Non-Epic and Epic spells of the chosen school cast within the affected area automatically fail and any resources used in the attempt are expended. This spell ends early if I cast it again before the duration ends.\nAt Higher Tiers: If I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, I may designate a second school of magic against which the affected area becomes warded against.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 2 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, its affected area instead becomes a 10-mile-radius aura centered on a point I can see within range.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["army of darkness, revised"] = {

	name : "Army of Darkness, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*army)(?=.*of)(?=.*darkness)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 140],

	classes : ["ascendant", "overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpNecro",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (120 ft rad)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A jar of humanoid teeth, each of which must be at least 1,000 years old",

	duration : "conc, 1 h",

	description : "I create legions of undead that swarm across the battlefield, tearing apart any who stand against me.",

	descriptionFull : "I create legions of undead that swarm across the battlefield, tearing apart any who stand against me. The ground within 120 feet of me erupts with the shambling corpses of undead that remain partially trapped beneath the earth. The affected area becomes difficult terrain for creatures of my choice, and I become aware of the exact location of any creature within the affected area. Additionally, when the undead appear, as an action on each of my turns, I may force the undead to lash out and make a single melee spell attack, targeting any number of creatures of my choice within the affected area. On a successful hit, a target takes 10d8 necrotic damage from the undead assault and can be pushed up to 30 feet in a straight line in a direction of my choice.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, the damage dealt by the undead on a successful hit increases by 10d8 necrotic damage.\nAs a Ritual: When you cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 24 hours. When the spell is cast, the affected area is increased to a 1-mile radius centered on me that also moves with you for the spell’s duration, and the duration is increased to 1 week.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["ashran's arcane absorption"] = {

	name : "Ashran's Arcane Absorption",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*ashran's)(?=.*arcane)(?=.*absorption).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 92], ["ELHH", 141]],

	classes : ["primordial", "archmage", "archon", "ascendant"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A preserved globule of a black pudding in a glass sphere",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "This spell negates and absorbs Non-Epic magic and repurposes it for the caster's personal use.",

	descriptionFull : "Invented by the tiefling ascendant Ashran Firebrand to protect himself against magical assassination attempts from his fiendish father, this spell negates and absorbs Non-Epic magic and repurposes it for the caster's personal use. When I cast this spell, I'm encased in a sheath of antimagic specially designed to negate enemy spells. While so encased, as a reaction, when I would be affected by a Non-Epic spell, I may absorb the spell and gain its magic. The absorbed spell's effect against me is prevented and any spells with a duration I absorb immediately end. Immediately after I absorb a spell, I generate a temporary spell slot of a level one lower than the level of spell I just absorbed (minimum of 1st level; absorbing cantrips does not generate spell slots), which can be used to cast spells as though it were one of my spell slots. These temporary spell slots last for the duration and are lost when absorption ends. Using this spell, I may absorb up to 10 total spell levels over its duration. If I would attempt to absorb the effects of a spell that would put me over this maximum, the spell's effect is prevented, and absorption immediately ends.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, I can absorb 5 additional levels of spells for each tier beyond Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["bioclasm"] = {

	name : "Bioclasm",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*bioclasm).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 92], ["ELHH", 141]],

	classes : ["primordial"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A perfectly ripe avocado",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "A swirling ball of concentrated life energy erupts with a roar from my hands to a point I choose within range.",

	descriptionFull : "A swirling ball of concentrated life energy erupts with a roar from my hands to a point I choose within range. Each creature of my choice in a 60-foot-radius sphere centered on the point regains 200 HP and is cured of any non-Epic curses, poisons, and disease. If a creature is under the effects of an Epic curse, poison, or disease that would allow it to attempt a saving throw to end its effect, it may immediately attempt a single saving throw against any of those effects. Additionally, if bodies of any creatures slain in the last 24 hours are in the spell’s area, I may restore those creatures to life if their souls are free and willing to be restored. Affected creatures return with 100 HP or their maximum hit points, whichever is fewer.",
}

SpellsList["bloodbane"] = {

	name : "Bloodbane",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*bloodbane).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 92], ["ELHH", 142]],

	classes : ["primordial", "ascendant"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpNecro",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I can forcibly extract the raw life force from others, consuming the raw life energy to heal my wounds.",

	descriptionFull : "I can forcibly extract the raw life force from others, consuming the raw life energy to heal my wounds. When I cast the spell, and as an action on each of my turns over its duration, a flesh-and-blood creature I can see within range must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 20d8 points of necrotic damage, and I regain HP equal to half the amount of necrotic damage dealt. Creatures with more HP than my current HP total attempt this saving throw at Epic Disadvantage.",
}

SpellsList["caldera"] = {

	name : "Caldera",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*caldera).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 93], ["ELHH", 142]],

	classes : ["primordial", "archon", "overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "An obsidian figurine in the shape of a dragon",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I superheat the ground of an area within range, converting it to molten lava.",

	descriptionFull : "I superheat the ground of an area within range, converting it to molten lava. The area of lava is difficult terrain and consists of ten 10-foot cubes, each of which must have been previously occupied by ground and be adjacent to at least one other cube. When a creature enters the area for the first time on its turn or starts its turn there, it takes 20d8 points of fire damage and must attempt a Constitution saving throw or be incapacitated by the extreme heat until the start of its next turn. A successful saving throw halves the damage and prevents the incapacitated condition. At the start of each of my turns while I concentrate on this spell, the fire damage dealt by the spell increases by 2d8 (to a maximum of 40d8) and I may convert two additional 10-foot cubes of ground to lava in spaces I can see adjacent to at least one other cube of lava. If I concentrate on this spell for its full duration, its duration becomes permanent and forms an active volcanic hotspot.",
}

SpellsList["call of the lance, revised"] = {

	name : "Call of the Lance, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*call)(?=.*of)(?=.*the)(?=.*lance)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 143],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "An adamantine lance",

	duration : "1 h",

	description : "I call a mighty mount to serve me faithfully in battle against any foe, shaped by my courage and worthiness as a rider.",

	descriptionFull : "I call a mighty mount to serve me faithfully in battle against any foe, shaped by my courage and worthiness as a rider. A powerful mount appears in an unoccupied space of my choice within range. The mount has the following statistics and is a celestial, dragon, fiend, or plant (my choice). The mount comes equipped with barding that vanishes if removed. The mount immediately disappears if I cast this spell again, it is slain, or I willingly treat the mount as though it were not a friend or ally. Whenever the mount disappears, it leaves behind any objects it was carrying or wearing besides its barding. The mount is friendly toward me and my allies. It serves me unquestioningly, sharing my goals and motivations. A creature riding the mount controls its action in combat, and the mount shares its turn with its rider. While the mount is within 1 mile of me, I can communicate with it telepathically.\nAt Higher Tiers: If I cast this spell at Tier 2 or higher, the mount’s HP maximum is increased by 150 for each tier higher than Tier 1.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 1 hour. When the spell is cast, the duration of the ritual increases to permanent.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["cast down, revised"] = {

	name : "Cast Down, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*cast)(?=.*down)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 143],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A holy symbol touched by a deity",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "Developed by Janon the Godbreaker, this ritual can make a deity temporarily mortal and strand it on a mortal plane.",

	descriptionFull : "Developed by Janon the Godbreaker, this ritual can make a deity temporarily mortal and strand it on a mortal plane. I afflict a creature I can see within range with an Epic curse, sealing away its divine power. For the spell’s duration, Deific effects produced by the creature are instead Epic effects. Once a creature has been affected by this spell, it cannot be affected by this spell again until 100 years have passed.\nAs a Ritual: Casting this spell as a ritual increases its casting time to 7 days. When I begin casting the spell in this manner, I must name a deity to be the target of the spell. When I do so, the deity becomes aware of me, what I'm doing, and my exact location for as long as I'm casting the spell. When the spell is cast, the target deity falls from the sky, landing in a holy site, church, or place of religious significance dedicated to it. The landing causes a catastrophic explosion, dealing 100d10 force damage to everything within 1,000 feet of the point of impact. For the next 24 hours, the deity is bound and is prevented from moving farther than 500 feet from the impact area by any means. The bound deity is no manifestation, avatar, or visage but a full-fledged god. The deity almost always views being summoned in such a manner as an unforgivably hostile act. If the deity is slain over the course of the ritual’s duration, it is permanently destroyed and cannot be restored to life by any means.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["catastrophe"] = {

	name : "Catastrophe",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*catastrophe).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 93], ["ELHH", 144]],

	classes : ["primordial", "ascendant", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpNecro",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A handful of earth taken from a dead world",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "My touch infects a creature with a dangerous infusion with the essence of death.",

	descriptionFull : "My touch infects a creature with a dangerous infusion with the essence of death. I make a single melee spell attack against a creature within range. On a successful hit, the target becomes wreathed in negative energy for 1 minute. When a target so wreathed would regain HP, the negative energy prevents the creature from regaining those HP and it instead loses that many HP. Once the spell prevents a target from regaining 200 HP in this manner, the effect ends.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the amount of HP the spell can prevent the target from regaining increases by 100 per tier above Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["celestial tempest"] = {

	name : "Celestial Tempest",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*celestial)(?=.*tempest).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 93],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "100 miles",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A holy book sanctified by a deity",

	duration : "conc, 10 min",

	description : "The heavens roil with divine energy as storm clouds appear in the shape of a cylinder that is 1,000 feet tall and 1 mile in diameter.",

	descriptionFull : "The heavens roil with divine energy as storm clouds appear in the shape of a cylinder that is 1,000 feet tall and 1 mile in diameter, centered on a point within range that is at least 10,000 feet directly above me. The spell fails if I can't see a point in the air where the clouds could appear. When the spell is cast, each creature in or beneath the spell's area senses the overwhelming divine power I wield and may offer a prayer (no action required) to beg for mercy. I become aware of any creatures who offer a prayer in this manner and may use this knowledge to spare them from the spell's effects. The spell causes the following effects to occur over the course of its duration.\n   Breath of the Gods: Hurricane-force winds batter both the area of the spell and the area beneath the stormfront, tearing rooftops off buildings and blowing away anything not tied down. At the start of my turn, all objects in the area take 5 bludgeoning damage. Creatures of my choice that are exposed to these winds have Epic Disadvantage on ranged attack rolls.\n   Pronounce Judgement: As a bonus action on each of my turns, I may call down up to three bolts of divine wrath from the stormfront to three separate points in or beneath the spell's area. Each creature within 10 feet of one of these points must attempt a Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 5d10 righteous or vile damage (my choice) and 5d10 lightning damage on a failure, or half as much on a success. A creature cannot take damage from this effect more than once per turn.\n   Rain of Destruction: Smiting force drives down in waves as though it were rain. At the start of my turn, creatures of my choice in and beneath the spell’s area take 4d6 radiant or 4d6 necrotic damage (my choice).",
}

SpellsList["celestial tempest, revised"] = {

	name : "Celestial Tempest, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*celestial)(?=.*tempest)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 144],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "100 miles",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A holy book sanctified by a deity",

	duration : "conc, 10 min",

	description : "The heavens roil with divine energy as you unleash a storm of divine proportions.",

	descriptionFull : "The heavens roil with divine energy as you unleash a storm of divine proportions. Storm clouds appear in the shape of a cylinder that is 1,000 feet tall and 1 mile in diameter, centered on a point within range that is at least 10,000 feet directly above me. The spell fails if I can’t see a point in the air where the clouds could appear. When the spell is cast, each creature in or beneath the storm clouds’ area senses the overwhelming divine power I wield and may offer a prayer (no action required) to beg for mercy. I become aware of any creatures that offer a prayer in this manner and may use this knowledge to spare them from the spell’s effects. The spell causes the following effects to occur over the course of its duration.\n   Breath of the Gods: Hurricane-force winds batter both the area of the spell and the area beneath the stormfront, tearing rooftops off buildings and blowing away anything not tied down. At the start of my turn, all objects in the area take 5 bludgeoning damage. Creatures of my choice that are exposed to these winds have Epic Disadvantage on ranged attack rolls.\n   Pronounce Judgement: As a bonus action on each of my turns, I may call down up to three bolts of divine wrath from the stormfront to three separate points in or beneath the spell’s area. Each creature within 10 feet of one of these points must attempt a Dexterity saving throw, taking 5d10 righteous or vile damage (my choice) plus 5d10 lightning damage on a failure, or half as much damage on a success. A creature cannot take damage from this effect more than once per turn.\n   Rain of Destruction: Smiting force drives down in waves asthough it were rain. At the start of my turn, creatures of my choice in and beneath the spell’s area take 4d6 righteous or 4d6 vile damage (my choice).\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 7 days. When I cast the spell in this manner, the clouds produced by the spell cover the entire plane, subjecting it to the spell’s effects.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["congruent spellward"] = {

	name : "Congruent Spellward",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*congruent)(?=.*spellward).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 93],

	classes : ["ascendant", "archmage", "overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (30 ft rad)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A prism containing impossible geometry",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "I create a highly specialized field of magic that radiates from me in an aura with a 30-foot radius.",

	descriptionFull : "I create a highly specialized field of magic that radiates from me in an aura with a 30-foot radius. Until the spell ends, the aura moves with me and is centered onme. When I cast this spell, I select a damage type, such as radiant or fire damage. Me and creatures of my choice within 30 feet of you are immune to that damage type. For the duration, as an action, I can extend the radius of this spell's effect to 300 feet until the start of my next turn.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, I may select an additional damage type. Creatures affected by the spell also gain immunity to this damage type.",
}

SpellsList["congruent spellward, revised"] = {

	name : "Congruent Spellward, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*congruent)(?=.*spellward)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 144],

	classes : ["ascendant", "archmage", "primordial", "overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (30 ft rad)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A prism containing impossible geometry",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "I create a perfectly designed field of magical protection that emanates from me in a 30-foot radius.",

	descriptionFull : "I create a perfectly designed field of magical protection that emanates from me in a 30-foot radius. Until the spell ends, the field moves with me and is centered on me. When I cast this spell, I select a damage type, such as radiant or fire damage. Me and creatures of my choice within 30 feet of me are immune to that damage type. As an action while this spell is in effect, I can extend the radius of this spell’s effect to 300 feet until the start of my next turn.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, I may select an additional damage type. Creatures affected by the spell also gain immunity to this damage type.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 2 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, the spell may instead be centered on an object within 30 feet of me, and the effect lasts for 8 hours.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["crescent cleave"] = {

	name : "Crescent Cleave",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*crescent)(?=.*cleave).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 145],

	classes : ["archmage", "primordial"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Special",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A rock from the moon",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I slice the air with a weapon, unleashing a wave of cleaving force that cuts my enemies in twain.",

	descriptionFull : "I slice the air with a weapon, unleashing a wave of cleaving force that cuts my enemies in twain. As an action when I cast this spell, I make a melee weapon attack against a creature within reach using a weapon I'm holding. On a successful hit, the target takes an additional 14d12 radiant damage, and until the end of my turn I may make this attack again against a different creature within reach. This effect is cumulative, to a maximum number of creatures equal to my spellcasting ability modifier.",
}

SpellsList["crimson winds of havoc"] = {

	name : "Crimson Winds of Havoc",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*crimson)(?=.*winds)(?=.*of)(?=.*havoc).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 93], ["ELHH", 145]],

	classes : ["overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "1 mile",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A razor used to slit the throat of a king",

	duration : "conc, 10 min",

	description : "I call down a howling cyclone of razor-sharp blades to a point I can see on the ground within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I call down a howling cyclone of razor-sharp blades to a point I can see on the ground within range. The cyclone is a 30-foot radius, 1-mile-high cylinder centered on that point. Until the spell ends, I can use my action to move the cyclone up to 120 feet in any direction along the ground. The cyclone sucks up any Huge or smaller objects (including ammunition fired from ranged weapons) that aren’t secured to anything and aren’t being worn or carried. When a creature enters the cyclone's area for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there, it must succeed on a Strength saving throw or become restrained and take 20d6 slashing damage. A successful saving throw prevents the restrained condition and halves the damage, and creatures larger than Huge automatically succeed on Strength saving throws against this spell. Creatures that fail a Strength saving throw against this spell are drawn 100 feet up into the air. Creatures in the air inside the spell's area move with the cyclone and fall when the spell ends or when they leave the spell's area. Objects and structures in the spell's area take 120 slashing damage at the end of each of my turns. A creature restrained by the spell may use an action to attempt a Athletics or Acrobatics ability check against my spell save DC. On a success, the creature is no longer restrained and is hurled 200 feet away from the cyclone in a random direction.",
}

SpellsList["crown of vermin"] = {

	name : "Crown of Vermin",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*crown)(?=.*of)(?=.*vermin).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 94], ["ELHH", 145]],

	classes : ["overlord", "ascendant", "primordial"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (15 ft rad)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "An ancient insect encased in amber",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	description : "I conjure a cloud of buzzing, swarming insects that emanates from you in a 15-foot radius.",

	descriptionFull : "I conjure a cloud of buzzing, swarming insects that emanates from you in a 15-foot radius. Until the spell ends, the cloud moves with me and is centered on me. The cloud has 200 HP. When I take damage, the cloud of insects protects me by losing HP and preventing 1 point of damage for each HP lost. The cloud can prevent up to 50 damage at a time in this manner. If the cloud reaches 0 HP, the spell ends. If a creature moves into the spell's area for the first time on its turn or starts its turn there, it takes 25 piercing damage and the cloud loses 25 HP.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, I increase the HP of the swarm by 100 per tier above Tier 1 and the maximum damage able to be dealt and prevented by the swarm by 25 per tier above Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["dematerialize"] = {

	name : "Dematerialize",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dematerialize).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 94],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon", "primordial"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpIllus",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "An object never seen by mortal eyes",

	duration : "conc, 1 h",

	description : "Me or a creature I touch vanishes completely, becoming nigh-impossible to perceive by any means.",

	descriptionFull : "Me or a creature I touch vanishes completely, becoming nigh-impossible to perceive by any means. The target becomes invisible, along with everything it is wearing while those items remain on its person. The target is considered hidden, and creatures attempting to locate the target must succeed on a Perception ability check versus my spell save DC to determine its location. Creatures under this effect cannot be seen by creatures with truesight, though such creatures attempt ability checks to locate the invisible creature at Epic Advantage.",
}

SpellsList["dematerialize, revised"] = {

	name : "Dematerialize, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dematerialize)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 146],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon", "overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpIllus",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A object never seen by mortal eyes",

	duration : "conc, 1 h",

	description : "A creature I touch becomes imperceptible to all senses, seemingly vanishing from existence.",

	descriptionFull : "A creature I touch becomes imperceptible to all senses, seemingly vanishing from existence. The target becomes invisible, along with everything it is wearing while those items remain on its person. Additionally, the target is hidden (detect DC equal to my spell save DC). Creatures under this effect cannot be seen by creatures with truesight, though such creatures have Epic Advantage on ability checks to detect the target.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 4 hours. When you cast the spell in this manner, you may target an object or structure within reach. When I target an object in this manner, the spell’s duration becomes permanent. This effect ends early if I cast the spell again.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["demecius' divine intercession, revised"] = {

	name : "Demecius' Divine Intercession, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*demecius)(?=.*divine)(?=.*intercession)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 146],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 rea",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "S",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "Used by Demecius the hill dwarf ascendant to protect a fallen deity of light from the forces of evil, this spell wards an ally in imminent danger against all harm.",

	descriptionFull : "Used by Demecius the hill dwarf ascendant to protect a fallen deity of light from the forces of evil, this spell wards an ally in imminent danger against all harm. I point at an ally within range and shield the ally in a nimbus of silver light until the start of its next turn. While so shielded, a creature is immune to all types of damage.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the magical shield increases in potency. When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell, a shielded creature is also immune to the grappled, restrained, and stunned conditions. When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, in addition to the effects from casting it as a Tier 2 Epic Spell, I may magically teleport the target to an unoccupied space within 5 feet of me.",
}

SpellsList["determinism"] = {

	name : "Determinism",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*determinism).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 94], ["ELHH", 146]],

	classes : ["archmage", "ascendant"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpDiv",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A diamond from a parallel universe",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "I curse a creature I'm aware of within range, altering its fate to determine its future actions.",

	descriptionFull : "I curse a creature I'm aware of within range, altering its fate to determine its future actions. When the target attempts to take its action on each of its turns, it must offer me an alternative action that it is able to take that cannot be the same type of action as the first (Attack action, cast a spell, Dodge action, etc.). I select which action the creature must take between the two options presented. The creature need not tell me what it will do with these actions or how they work, only that it wishes to take them. At the end of each of its turns, the creature may attempt a Wisdom saving throw to end the effect. If the creature succeeds on two Wisdom saving throws in this manner, the spell ends.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, I increase the number of successful Wisdom saving throws the creature must make to end the spell by one, to a total of three.",
}

SpellsList["dimensional mastery"] = {

	name : "Dimensional Mastery",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dimensional)(?=.*mastery).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 94], ["ELHH", 146]],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpEnch",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (60 ft rad)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A compass that doesn’t point north",

	duration : "10 min",

	description : "I enchant myself with a profound mastery over space within a 60-foot radius of me.",

	descriptionFull : "I enchant myself with a profound mastery over space within a 60-foot radius of me. When I cast the spell and as an action on each of my turns for the duration, I can teleport any number of creatures I can see within the spell's area to different unoccupied spaces I can see within the spell’s area. An unwilling creature can attempt a Charisma saving throw to prevent this movement. Additionally, if a creature I can see within the spell's area casts a spell or uses a feature that would magically teleport it to a different location, such as a dimension door spell or a conjuration wizard's Benign Transposition feature, I can use my reaction to force that creature to attempt a Charisma saving throw, preventing the movement on a failure.",
}

SpellsList["demecius' divine intercession"] = {

	name : "Demecius' Divine Intercession",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*demecius')(?=.*divine)(?=.*intercession).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 94],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 rea",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "S",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I point at an ally within range and shield the ally in a nimbus of silver light.",

	descriptionFull : "Used by Demecius the hill dwarf ascendant to protect a fallen deity of light from the forces of evil, this spell wards an ally in imminent danger against all harm. I point at an ally within range and shield the ally in a nimbus of silver light. The shielded creature cannot take damage until the start of its next turn.",
}

SpellsList["dreamscape"] = {

	name : "Dreamscape",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dreamscape).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 95], ["ELHH", 147]],

	classes : ["archmage"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpIllus",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (150 ft rad)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A dream journal containing 1,000 entries",

	duration : "10 min",

	save : "Int",

	description : "A wave of reality-warping energy flows from me in an aura with a 150-foot radius.",

	descriptionFull : "A wave of reality-warping energy flows from me in an aura with a 150-foot radius. Until the spell ends, the aura moves with me and is centered on me. When a creature enters the spell's area for the first time on its turn or starts its turn there, I may force it to succeed on an Intelligence saving throw or be pulled into a dreamlike state. Creatures can choose to forgo the saving throw and willingly enter this dreamlike state. When I cast a spell within the aura’s area, I may cast that spell as a dreamspell instead. Dreamspells have the following properties, in addition to their normal effects:\n   Creatures not in a dreamlike state cannot be affected by the spell.\n   The spell requires no verbal, somatic, or material components.\n   If the spell is cast as an 8th-level or lower spell, it is instead cast as a 9th-level spell.",
}

SpellsList["dungeon delver's delight, revised"] = {

	name : "Dungeon Delver's Delight, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dungeon)(?=.*delver's)(?=.*delight)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 147],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 min",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A solid gold cornucopia that has fed a million mouths",

	duration : "8 h",

	description : "Created by the famous dungeoneer Mark Maximus, this spell creates an extravagant camping site that provides me with all the necessities to brave the horrors in a nearby dungeon.",

	descriptionFull : "Created by the famous dungeoneer Mark Maximus, this spell creates an extravagant camping site that provides me with all the necessities to brave the horrors in a nearby dungeon. I choose a point within range and transform it into a wondrous campsite, producing the following effects within a 100- foot radius, which last for the duration.\n   Fantastic Feast: An extravagant feast appears before me, able to feed up to twenty individuals of Gargantuan size or smaller. A creature must spend 1 hour consuming the feast to gain the following benefits for 24 hours.\n     The creature gains the benefits of a heroes’ feast spell.\n     The first magical potion the creature drinks after consuming the feast has its duration increased to the duration of the feast’s effect.\n     When the creature is reduced to 0 HP for the first time, it may choose to be immediately magically teleported to the location of the feast.\nAs a Ritual: Casting this spell as a ritual increases its casting time to 1 hour. When I cast this spell as a ritual, it produces the following effect within its affected area, and its duration is increased to 24 hours.\n   Warding Campfire: A roaring fire supplies warmth to any who rest near it, which causes the following effects within the affected area.\n     Allies that finish a long rest recover all their spent Hit Dice instead of half of their total Hit Dice.\n     All non-Epic weather effects that would be harmful or unpleasant to creatures within the area are suppressed.\n     I'm telepathically alerted if an enemy creature attempts to enter the area without my express permission.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["energy renewal"] = {

	name : "Energy Renewal",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*energy)(?=.*renewal).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 95],

	classes : ["archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "When I cast a Non-Epic spell that expends one of my spell slots, I regain 3d8 HP per level of the spell slot expended.",

	descriptionFull : "When I cast a Non-Epic spell that expends one of my spell slots, I regain 3d8 HP per level of the spell slot expended. I can dismiss this spell as a bonus action and when the spell ends, I regain 10d10 HP.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic spell, I increase the number of HP I regain when I cast a non-Epic spell by 3d8 and when the spell ends, I regain 10d10 additional HP.",
}

SpellsList["energy renewal, revised"] = {

	name : "Energy Renewal, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*energy)(?=.*renewal)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 147],

	classes : ["archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "I envelop myself in a mantle of positive energy that converts my magic into healing power.",

	descriptionFull : "I envelop myself in a mantle of positive energy that converts my magic into healing power. For the spell’s duration, when I cast a non-Epic spell of 1st level or higher that expends a spell slot granted by my class spellcasting feature, I regain 3d8 HP for each level of the spell slot expended. If I cast an Epic Spell, I instead gain 50 HP for each tier of the spell, to a maximum of 150 HP for a Tier 3 Epic Spell.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, its healing powers become more potent. I increase the number of HP I regain when I cast a non-Epic spell by an additional 3d8 for each level of the spell slot expended. Additionally, I increase the amount of hit points gained from casting an Epic Spell by 25 for each tier of the spell.",
}

SpellsList["enigma masque"] = {

	name : "Enigma Masque",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*enigma)(?=.*masque).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 95],

	classes : ["archon", "archmage", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpIllus",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A portrait of a forgotten hero",

	duration : "conc, 24 h",

	description : "I conceal a creature I touch in a magical mask that protects its identity and grants it a fictional persona of my own design.",

	descriptionFull : "I conceal a creature I touch in a magical mask that protects its identity and grants it a fictional persona of my own design. As a part of casting the spell, I must fabricate an entirely new character of the same size and type as the affected creature. I determine the character’s name, personality, background, alignment, and any other details by which you wish others to know the character. For the duration of the spell, the target has a +10 bonus on Charisma ability checks to maintain the persona and convince others of its validity. The first time another creature perceives the target, it must attempt an Intelligence saving throw. On a failure, the creature becomes completely convinced the target is the persona, even if common sense would indicate otherwise, and has Epic Disadvantage on Charisma and Wisdom ability checks against the target. An affected creature will even fabricate false memories to stretch reason to ridiculous degrees if necessary to believe the persona. If the true nature of the target is revealed through incontrovertible proof to an affected creature, the effect ends. If I cast this spell every day for 1 week on the same target, its duration becomes permanent.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell at a tier higher than Tier 1, I may affect up to two additional creatures within reach per Tier above tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["enigma masque, revised"] = {

	name : "Enigma Masque, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*enigma)(?=.*masque)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 148],

	classes : ["archon", "archmage", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpIllus",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A portrait of a forgotten hero",

	duration : "conc, 24 h",

	description : "I conceal a creature I touch in a magical mask that protects its identity and grants it a fictional persona of my own design.",

	descriptionFull : "I conceal a creature I touch in a magical mask that protects its identity and grants it a fictional persona of my own design. As a part of casting the spell, I must fabricate an entirely new character of the same size and type as the affected creature. I determine the character’s name, personality, background, alignment, and any other details by which I wish others to know the character. For the duration of the spell, the target has a +10 bonus on Charisma ability checks to maintain the persona and convince others of its validity. The first time another creature perceives the target, it must attempt an Intelligence saving throw. On a failure, the creature becomes completely convinced the target is the persona, even if common sense would indicate otherwise, and it has Epic disadvantage on Charisma and Wisdom ability checks against the target. An affected creature will even fabricate false memories to stretch reason to ridiculous degrees if necessary to believe the persona. If the true nature of the target is revealed through incontrovertible proof to an affected creature, the effect ends.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell at a tier higher than Tier 1, I may affect up to two additional creatures within reach for each tier above Tier 1.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 8 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, its duration is increased to permanent and I no longer need to concentrate to maintain its effects for the duration.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["enslave"] = {

	name : "Enslave",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*enslave).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 95],

	classes : ["archon", "archmage", "overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpEnch",

	time : "1 a or 10 min",

	range : "5 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A whip made from humanoid leather",

	duration : "conc, 8 h or Permanent",

	save : "Wis",

	description : "I completely subjugate a creature that I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I completely subjugate a creature that I can see within range. It must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or be charmed by me for the duration and cannot act unless I will it. While the creature is charmed by this spell, I have a telepathic link with it across any distance or planar boundary. I can use this telepathic link to issue commands to the creature while I'm conscious (no action required) which it obeys to the best of its ability. At the end of each of its turns, a creature charmed by this spell can repeat the saving throw to temporarily end the charm effect. On each of my turns over the spell's duration, if a creature affected by this spell is not charmed, I may use my action to force it to succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or become charmed by the spell. This spell may be cast with a casting time of 10 minutes. When cast in this manner the spell's duration becomes permanent. The target can attempt a single Wisdom saving throw at the end of each year to end the effect. This spell immediately ends if I cast it again before its duration ends.",
}

SpellsList["equinox"] = {

	name : "Equinox",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*equinox).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 95], ["ELHH", 148]],

	classes : ["primordial"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (60 ft rad)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "An emerald cut in the shape of a maple leaf",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	description : "I generate an aura of either life-giving positive energy or deadly negative energy (determined when the spell is cast) in a 60-foot radius centered on me.",

	descriptionFull : "I generate an aura of either life-giving positive energy or deadly negative energy (determined when the spell is cast) in a 60-foot radius centered on me. Until the spell ends, the aura moves with me and is centered on me. If I select positive energy, when I cast this spell and at the start of each of my turns over the duration, creatures of my choice within the area are bathed in healing energy. Affected creatures regain 20d10 HP are cured of the blinded, deafened, petrified, poisoned, and stunned conditions and their exhaustion is reduced by one level. If I select negative energy, when I cast this spell and at the start of each of my turns over the duration, creatures of my choice within the area lose 20d10 HP, gain one level of exhaustion, and cannot be immune to the blinded, exhausted, deafened, petrified, poisoned, and stunned conditions for as long as they remain in the spell's area.",
}

SpellsList["exalted brand of absolution"] = {

	name : "Exalted Brand of Absolution",

	nameShort : "Ex. Brand of Absolution",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*exalted)(?=.*brand)(?=.*of)(?=.*absolution).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 96],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A jar of silver paint mixed with holy water",

	duration : "Permanent",

	description : "I make a melee spell attack against a creature I can reach. On a hit, I brand the creature with a holy script written in the words of creation, the language of pure good.",

	descriptionFull : "I make a melee spell attack against a creature I can reach. On a hit, I brand the creature with a holy script written in the words of creation, the language of pure good. A branded target cannot lie or attempt to deceive others, deals half damage on its attacks, and at the end of each of its turns takes 6d12 radiant damage. On each of its turns, a branded creature can take an action to remove the effect by attempting a Persuasion ability check against my spell save DC, begging for mercy. On a success, the effect ends, and mythic creatures automatically succeed on this ability check. A creature that begs for mercy and takes no other actions takes no damage from the spell at the end of its turn, and Epic creatures that take no actions in this manner for 1 hour end the effect. Non-Epic creatures can end the effect by willingly changing their alignment to mine after begging for absolution for 24 hours.",
}

SpellsList["exalted brand of absolution, revised"] = {

	name : "Exalted Brand of Absolution, Revised",

	nameShort : "Ex. Brand of Absolution, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*exalted)(?=.*brand)(?=.*of)(?=.*absolution)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 148],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A jar of silver paint mixed with holy water",

	duration : "Permanent",

	description : "I invoke divine justice and attempt to mystically brand another I deem deserving.",

	descriptionFull : "I invoke divine justice and attempt to mystically brand another I deem deserving. I make a melee spell attack against a creature I can reach. On a hit, I curse the creature with a holy brand written in the words of creation, the language of pure good. A creature so cursed cannot lie or attempt to deceive others, deals half damage on its attacks, and takes 6d12 righteous damage at the end of each turn in which it harms another creature. On each of its turns, a branded creature can take an action to remove the effect by praying for mercy and attempting a Persuasion check against my spell save DC. Mythic creatures automatically succeed on this ability check. On a successful check, the effect ends.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, an affected creature takes 6d12 additional righteous damage at the end of each of its turns in which it harms another creature.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 1 hour. When I cast the spell in this manner, an affected creature that attempts Persuasion check to remove the brand can only succeed if it is speaking to me in person when it does so.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["final death"] = {

	name : "Final Death",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*final)(?=.*death).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 149],

	classes : ["ascendant", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpNecro",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "Two copper coins more than 1,000 years old",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I touch the remains of a creature that has died within the last 24 hours, locking its soul away in the afterlife forever.",

	descriptionFull : "I touch the remains of a creature that has died within the last 24 hours, locking its soul away in the afterlife forever. The affected creature cannot return to life by non-Epic means, nor can it communicate with the living by non-Epic magic.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the affected creature cannot be returned to life by non-Deific means. If I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, the target cannot return to life by any known means.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 4 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, an affected creature cannot be risen as an undead, nor can its remains be affected by any known means unless I allow it.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["flash freeze"] = {

	name : "Flash Freeze",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*flash)(?=.*freeze).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 96], ["ELHH", 149]],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "An ancient shard of ice",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I generate a maelstrom of frigid cold in a 20-foot radius centered on a point within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I generate a maelstrom of frigid cold in a 20-foot radius centered on a point within range. Creatures in the area must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 10d10 points of cold damage and become frozen. A successful saving throw halves the damage and prevents the frozen condition.\nAt Higher Levels: When you cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the cold damage increases by 10d10 for each tier above Tier 1.\n\nFrozen Condition:\n   A frozen creature is encased in ice, which is an object that surrounds the creature with an AC of 15 and 100 HP. When the creature is no longer encased in ice, the condition ends.\n   The creature's speed is 0, and it cannot take actions other than attempting to break free. A creature attempting to break free from the ice must take an action to attempt an Athletics ability check against a DC of 15 or the source’s spell save DC, whichever is higher. On a success, the condition ends.\n   The creature is immune to all damage except cold and psychic damage.",
}

SpellsList["force armor"] = {

	name : "Force Armor",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*force)(?=.*armor).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 97], ["ELHH", 150]],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A tiny shield of a mithral adamantine alloy",

	duration : "8 h",

	description : "I surround myself with overlapping plates of magical force that fortify me against attacks.",

	descriptionFull : "I surround myself with overlapping plates of magical force that fortify me against attacks. My AC becomes 20 + my Dexterity modifier and I cannot be critically hit. As a reaction, when I would take damage, I may end the spell and become immune to that damage.",
}

SpellsList["genesis"] = {

	name : "Genesis",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*genesis).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 97],

	classes : ["ascendant", "primordial"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "90 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A piece of bark from a redwood treant",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "A living creature I can see within range receives a bountiful wellspring of healing energy.",

	descriptionFull : "A living creature I can see within range receives a bountiful wellspring of healing energy, regaining 20d6 HP and becoming cured of the following conditions: blinded, deafened, exhaustion, and unconscious. For the duration, at the start of each of the creature's turns, it regains 4d6 HP. If a creature would be reduced to 0 HP while under the effects of the spell, it regains HP and the spell ends.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the target regains 10d6 additional HP when the spell is cast, 2d6 additional HP at the start of its turn, and 100 additional HP when the target is first reduced to 0 HP, for each tier above Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["genesis, revised"] = {

	name : "Genesis, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*genesis)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 150],

	classes : ["ascendant", "primordial"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "90 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A piece of bark from a redwood treant",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "I gift a deserving creature with bountiful bursts of healing energy.",

	descriptionFull : "I gift a deserving creature with bountiful bursts of healing energy. A living creature I can see within range regains 20d6 HP and cures any reduction to its HP maximum. At the start of each of the creature’s turns for the spell’s duration, it regains 4d6 HP. If a creature would be reduced to 0 HP while under the effects of the spell, it regains 100 HP and the spell ends.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, for each tier higher than Tier 1, the target regains 10d6 additional HP when the spell is cast, 2d6 additional HP at the start of its turn, and 100 additional HP when the target is first reduced to 0 HP.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 8 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, I instead target each creature and object of my choice within 10 miles.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["hail of deadly blossoms"] = {

	name : "Hail of Deadly Blossoms",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*hail)(?=.*of)(?=.*deadly)(?=.*blossoms).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 97], ["ELHH", 151]],

	classes : ["overlord", "primordial"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "150 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A black lotus",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	description : "Until the spell ends, beautiful flower petals of lethal toxicity rain down in a 300-foot-tall cylinder with a 30-foot radius centered on a point I choose within range.",

	descriptionFull : "Until the spell ends, beautiful flower petals of lethal toxicity rain down in a 300-foot-tall cylinder with a 30 foot radius centered on a point I choose within range. Creatures within the spell's area cannot be resistant or immune to poison damage. When I cast the spell and at the start of each of my turns, I subject each creature in the spell's area to one of the following poisons.\n  Delphinium Dose: A creature subjected to this poison must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 40d8 poison damage or half as much on a success.\n   Gloriosa Lily Pollen: A creature subjected to this poison must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or take 20d8 poison damage and become incapacitated until the start of its next turn. A successful saving throw halves the damage.\n   Hydrangea Venom: A creature subjected to this poison must succeed on an Intelligence saving throw or take 10d8 poison damage or half as much on a success. On a failure, the creature suffers violent delusions for the duration of the spell. During that time, it rolls a d10 and subtracts the number rolled from all its attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks. The affected creature can attempt an Intelligence saving throw at the end of each its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success.\n   Nightshade Nectar: A creature subjected to this poison must succeed on a Strength saving throw or take 12d8 poison damage and have its speed reduced to 0 until the end of its next turn. A successful saving throw halves the damage and causes its speed to be halved until the end of its next turn instead.",
}

SpellsList["hideous mandate"] = {

	name : "Hideous Mandate",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*hideous)(?=.*mandate).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 97], ["ELHH", 151]],

	classes : ["overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpEnch",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V",

	duration : "1 min",

	save : "Wis",

	description : "I issue a dire command to a creature that I'm aware of within range. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or suffer the effects of the command for the duration.",

	descriptionFull : "I issue a dire command to a creature that I'm aware of within range. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or suffer the effects of the command for the duration. A creature that cannot hear me is immune to the spell’s effects. I may issue one of the following evil commands. At the DM's option, I may choose an alternative command, but it should be no more powerful than those described here, and must direct a creature toward acts of evil and violence. The DM has final say on such a command's effect. If my command proves impossible even under ideal circumstances, the spell ends. At the end of an affected creature's turn, it can attempt a Wisdom saving throw to end the effect.\n   Slay: The target experiences unfathomable animosity toward another creature you can see within range. The target does everything in its power to kill the creature as quickly as possible. The target will not defend itself if doing so would prevent it from somehow harming the creature or object that it hates.\n   Suffer: The target is wracked with extraordinary pain. When it attempts to take its action, it must succeed on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw or that action fails and the target is unable to attempt that action type (action, bonus action, reaction, etc.) again that turn.\n   Suicide: The target attempts to end its life by the most expedient and efficient means possible. The target may attack itself, target itself with destructive magic, deliberately expose itself to dangerous creatures or obstacles, or all of the above. A creature cannot deliberately fail saving throws while affected by this command, but it can choose to fail ability checks when prompted to do so.\n   Supplicate: The target is charmed by another creature I can see within range and does everything in its power to aid the creature. The target cannot willingly move away from the creature and will not defend itself if doing so would prevent it from somehow aiding or protecting the creature it is charmed by.\nAt Higher Levels: If I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell, I can target an additional creature within range or every non-Epic creature within range. If I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, in addition to the benefits gained by casting it as a Tier 2 Epic Spell, I may target a third creature within range or increase the range of the spell to 300 feet.",
}

SpellsList["hungry fissure"] = {

	name : "Hungry Fissure",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*hungry)(?=.*fissure).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 98], ["ELHH", 151]],

	classes : ["ascendant", "primordial"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (100 ft line)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A fossilized dragon claw",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Dex",

	description : "A great fissure 100 feet long, 30 feet wide, and 50 feet deep opens along the ground, starting in front of me and extending in a direction of my choice.",

	descriptionFull : "A great fissure 100 feet long, 30 feet wide, and 50 feet deep opens along the ground, starting in front of me and extending in a direction of my choice. A creature standing in the effect's area can use its reaction to attempt a Dexterity saving throw to move safely to the edge of the fissure as it opens. On a failure or if unable to take a reaction, a creature large enough to fit inside the fissure falls to the bottom. If the fissure opens beneath a structure, the structure automatically collapses. At the end of my turn, the fissure slams shut, trapping creatures within underground. A creature so entrapped cannot move and is restrained unless it has a burrow speed. An entrapped creature can take an action to attempt a Athletics ability check versus my spell save DC. On a success it is no longer restrained and can dig its way out by spending 4 feet of movement for every 1 foot it digs.\nAt Higher Levels: When you cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the dimensions of the fissure increase by 100 feet in length, 30 feet in width, and 50 feet in depth per tier above Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["immortal legend, revised"] = {

	name : "Immortal Legend, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*immortal)(?=.*legend)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 152],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpNecro",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A solid gold statue of the target forged on a 1:10 scale",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I restore a dead creature to life with overwhelming magic, allowing it to return no matter its fate.",

	descriptionFull : "I restore a dead creature to life with overwhelming magic, allowing it to return no matter its fate. I restore a dead creature to life in an unoccupied space within range. I must know the creature’s name and have spoken with it once before. The creature gains a new body free from the ravages of aging or any harmful effects it suffered from in life. The creature is restored at its HP maximum and recovers any missing features, including esoteric ones such as a soul, true name, or other elements. Once a creature has been restored to life by this spell, it cannot be restored in this manner again until 1,000 years have passed.\nAs a Ritual: When you cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 24 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, I need not have spoken with the target once before in order to restore it to life.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["impenetrable force field"] = {

	name : "Impenetrable Force Field",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*impenetrable)(?=.*force)(?=.*field).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 152],

	classes : ["archmage"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 min",

	range : "Self (1000 ft cube)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A naturally formed crystalline cube with perfect dimensions",

	duration : "4 h",

	description : "I create a nearly indestructible field of force that prevents all passage without my consent.",

	descriptionFull : "I create a nearly indestructible field of force that prevents all passage without my consent. The field is a transparent 1,000-foot cube centered on me that lasts for the duration. When the field appears, I must designate a single word to be the field’s password. Solid objects and magical effects cannot pass through the field, though uttering the password opens a 50-foot-square hole in the nearest side of the cube, which lasts for 1 minute or until the password is uttered again. A creature that attempts to magically teleport into or out of the cube must first succeed on a Charisma saving throw or the effect fails and the creature cannot attempt to teleport again for 1 hour. Effects that would ordinarily destroy force effects (such as a disintegrate spell) instead destroy a 10-square-foot section of the barrier. Unless the barrier is completely destroyed, any destroyed sections of the barrier are magically repaired after 1 minute.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 48 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, its duration is increased to permanent. This spell ends if I cast it again.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["implosion"] = {

	name : "Implosion",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*implosion).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 98], ["ELHH", 152]],

	classes : ["ascendant", "archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "S",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I compress a single target of Gargantuan size or smaller with overwhelming force.",

	descriptionFull : "I compress a single target of Gargantuan size or smaller with overwhelming force. If the target is a non-Epic creature, it is slain instantly. All other targets instead take 30d10 points of bludgeoning damage. Creatures reduced to 0 HP or slain by this spell are compressed to the size of a marble, along with any non-magical equipment they are carrying.",
}

SpellsList["infinity room"] = {

	name : "Infinity Room",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*infinity)(?=.*room).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 98],

	classes : ["archmage"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpIllus",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A tessellation drawn upon a piece of vellum",

	duration : "conc, 1 h or Permanent",

	description : "I fabricate a 20-foot cube of illusory, impossible architecture and absurd geometry in a space I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I fabricate a 20-foot cube of illusory, impossible architecture and absurd geometry in a space I can see within range. The cube visibly distorts and warps everything within it, making its contents appear simultaneously everywhere and yet nowhere. Creatures outside the area have total cover against creatures inside the area, and three-quarters cover against creatures with truesight. A creature that is completely within the spells area cannot willingly leave by any means unless it takes an action to attempt a DC 20 Intelligence ability check. On a success, the creature is able to determine a route out of the infinity room by physical or magical means and can leave freely. If I concentrate on this spell for its entire duration, I may choose to have the illusion become permanent. An instance of this spell made permanent in this manner immediately ends if I make another instance of this spell permanent.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, I increase all dimensions of the cube by 10 feet for every tier above Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["infinity room, revised"] = {

	name : "Infinity Room, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*infinity)(?=.*room)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 153],

	classes : ["archmage"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpIllus",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A tessellation drawn upon a piece of vellum",

	duration : "conc, 1 h",

	description : "I fabricate a 20-foot cube of illusory, impossible architecture and absurd geometry in a space I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I fabricate a 20-foot cube of illusory, impossible architecture and absurd geometry in a space I can see within range. The cube visibly distorts and warps everything within it, making its contents appear simultaneously everywhere and yet nowhere. Creatures outside the area have total cover against creatures inside the area, and three-quarters cover against creatures with truesight. A creature inside the area that attempts to affect an area outside the spell must first succeed on an Intelligence saving throw against my spell save DC, or the attempt fails and any resources used to make the attempt are wasted.\nAt Higher Tiers: When U cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, I increase all dimensions of the cube by 10 feet for every tier above Tier 1.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time increases to 1 hour. When I cast the spell in this manner, its duration increases to permanent. This spell ends if I cast it again.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["kinetic control"] = {

	name : "Kinetic Control",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*kinetic)(?=.*control).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 98],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "conc, 10 min",

	description : "My consciousness overflows with telekinetic power, allowing me to manipulate almost any object with my mind.",

	descriptionFull : "My consciousness overflows with telekinetic power, allowing me to manipulate almost any object with my mind. When I cast the spell, and as a bonus action each round for the duration, I can exert my will on one creature, object, or structure that I can see within range. I can affect the same target round after round, or choose a new one at any time. If I switch targets, the prior target is no longer affected by the spell.\n   Creature: I can try to move a Gargantuan or smaller creature. The creature must succeed on a Strength saving throw or I can move the creature up to 120 feet in any direction, including upward but not beyond the range of the spell. Until the end of my next turn the creature is restrained in my telekinetic grip. A creature lifted upward is suspended in midair. I can attempt to affect multiple creatures within range simultaneously, but the strain of doing so reduces the duration of the spell. For each additional creature within range I attempt to simultaneously affect, the duration of the spell is reduced by 1 minute.\n   Object or Structure: I can try to move an object or structure that weighs up to 100,000 pounds that fits entirely inside the spell's area. If an object isn’t being worn or carried, I automatically move it up to 120 feet away in any direction, but not beyond the range of the spell. I can attempt to move objects or structures heavier than 100,000 pounds but the strain of doing so reduces the duration of the spell. For each round I lift an object heavier than 100,000 pounds, the duration of this spell is reduced by 1 minute, plus another minute for every 100,000 pounds beyond the spell's normal limit.\nIf an object is worn or carried by a creature, that creature must succeed on a Strength saving throw or the object is pulled away and moved up to 120 feet in any direction but not beyond the range of the spell. I can exert fine control on objects with my telekinetic grip, such as manipulating a simple tool, opening a door or a container, stowing or retrieving an item from an open container, or pouring contents from a vial.",
}

SpellsList["kinetic control, revised"] = {

	name : "Kinetic Control, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*kinetic)(?=.*control)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 153],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "conc, 10 min",

	description : "My consciousness overflows with telekinetic power, allowing me to manipulate almost anything with my mind.",

	descriptionFull : "My consciousness overflows with telekinetic power, allowing me to manipulate almost anything with my mind. When I cast the spell, and as a bonus action each round for the duration, I can exert my will on one creature, object, or structure that I can see within range. I can affect the same target round after round or choose a new one at any time. If I switch targets, the prior target is no longer affected by the spell.\n   Creature: I can try to move a Gargantuan or smaller creature. The creature must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be moved up to 120 feet in any direction, including upward but not beyond the range of the spell. Until the end of my next turn the creature is restrained in my telekinetic grip. A creature so restrained lifted upward is suspended in the air.\n   Object or Structure: I can try to move an object or structure that weighs up to 100,000 pounds that fits entirely inside the spell’s area. If an object isn’t being worn or carried, I automatically move it up to 120 feet away in any direction but not beyond the range of the spell. If an object is worn or carried by a creature, that creature must succeed on a Strength saving throw, or the object is pulled away and moved up to 120 feet in any direction but not beyond the range of the spell. I can exert fine control on objects with my telekinetic grip, such as manipulating a simple tool, opening a door or container, stowing or retrieving an item from an open container, or pouring contents from a vial.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 8 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, the maximum weight of a target that I can affect is increased to 1 million pounds.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["legacy of steel, revised"] = {

	name : "Legacy of Steel, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*legacy)(?=.*of)(?=.*steel)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 153],

	classes : ["archmage"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEnch",

	time : "1 min",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A non-magical weapon or piece of armor that I have wielded or worn for at least 5 years",

	duration : "1 h",

	description : "I mystically enchant a piece of equipment that is significant to me, reforming it into a mighty tool of great power.",

	descriptionFull : "I mystically enchant a piece of equipment that is significant to me, reforming it into a mighty tool of great power. I touch a piece of armor or weapon used as the spell’s object of power, granting it potent magical power. The item gains the magical properties of a single magical weapon (if the item was a weapon) or magical armor (if the item was a piece of armor) of legendary quality or lower of my choice. The DM determines what properties are available to choose from, and I must attune to the item to benefit from its properties. The type of weapon or armor of my item need not correspond to the property of the original item. For example, I can use this spell to give a glaive the properties of a flame tongue sword. At my DM’s discretion, my item may be sentient. In such cases, the item is friendly toward me and aspires to follow my ideals. Other creatures cannot attune to the item, and while I'm attuned to the item I'm aware of its exact location so long as it is on the sameplane as me.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 24 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, its duration becomes permanent, but I cannot regain the Epic spell or class resources expended to cast the spell while it is in effect.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["luck of ages"] = {

	name : "Luck of Ages",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*luck)(?=.*of)(?=.*ages).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 99], ["ELHH", 154]],

	classes : ["archmage"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpDiv",

	time : "1 bns",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A mithral horseshoe",

	duration : "1 rnd",

	description : "With a touch, I imbue a creature with legendary fortune in all endeavors.",

	descriptionFull : "With a touch, I imbue a creature with legendary fortune in all endeavors. The target gains the following benefits for the duration.\n   When the target fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.\n   When the target misses an attack, it instead scores a hit.\n   If the target rolls a 19 or lower on an ability check, it instead rolls a 20.",
}

SpellsList["magic bullet"] = {

	name : "Magic Bullet",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*magic)(?=.*bullet).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 99], ["ELHH", 154]],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "1 mile",

	components : "S,M",

	compMaterial : "An extremely dense object the size of a marble",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I fire a superdense projectile at unreal speeds toward a single target I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I fire a superdense projectile at unreal speeds toward a single target I can see within range. The projectile passes through any non-magical object or non-Epic magical barrier and deals 100 force damage, striking with perfect accuracy. Creatures cannot take reactions in response to being targeted by or taking damage from this spell.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the damage increases by 100 for each tier above Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["malevolent fists of spite"] = {

	name : "Malevolent Fists of Spite",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*malevolent)(?=.*fists)(?=.*of)(?=.*spite).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 99], ["ELHH", 154]],

	classes : ["overlord"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A small, crushable beast",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	description : "I create two Huge fists of sickly black energy in two unoccupied spaces that I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I create two Huge fists of sickly black energy in two unoccupied spaces that I can see within range. The fists last for the spell's duration and move at my command, mimicking the movements of my own hands. Each fist is an object with an AC of 26 and 500 HP. A fist has a Strength of 34 (+12) and a Dexterity of 10 (+0) and does not fill its space. If a fist drops to 0 HP, it gives a final offensive gesture before exploding. Each creature within 20 feet of the hand when it explodes must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 20d8 points of force damage, or half as much on a success. When you cast the spell and as bonus action on my subsequent turns, I can move each fist up to 60 feet and then cause one of the following effects with each of them.\n   Crush: A fist makes a single melee spell attack against each creature in a 15-foot cube with at least one side adjacent to it. On a successful hit, a creature takes 6d12 + 12 force damage; if the creature is on the ground, it is knocked prone.\n   Smash: If both fists are within 60 feet of each other with no structures or barriers between them, as an action you can have them perform the Smash maneuver. If an obstacle, structure, or magical barrier prevents the fists from being able to cooperate, this maneuver fails. The fists bump together with punishing force, moving 30 feet directly toward each other. Huge or smaller creatures in the fists' paths must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or be pushed ahead of the fists as they come together and then slammed between them. A slammed creature takes 20d8 force damage and is stunned until the end of its next turn. The fists then move to the nearest unoccupied space. A successful saving throw moves a creature to the nearest unoccupied space out of the path of the fists.\n   Tear: If both fists are within 60 feet of each other with no structures or barriers between them, as an action, I can have them perform the Tear maneuver. If an obstacle, structure, or magical barrier prevents the fists from being able to cooperate, this maneuver fails. Both fists move directly toward a Huge or smaller creature between them and attempt to grapple it. A fist already grappling the target creature does not make an additional grapple attempt. If both fists grapple the creature, they pull the creature in opposite directions and attempt to tear it in half. The grappled creature must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or lose half its maximum hit points, or lose 100 HP on a success. A creature reduced to 0 HP from this damage is torn in half. If only a single fist succeeds on the grapple, the target is instead subjected to this spell's Throttle effect.\n   Throttle: A fist attempts to grapple a Huge or smaller creature within 5 feet of it. I use the fist’s Strength score to resolve the grapple. If the target is Large or smaller the fist has Epic advantage on the check. While the fist is grappling a target, the target cannot breathe or speak and is restrained. As a bonus action, I can order the fist to squeeze the grappled creature. When I do so, the target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or be knocked unconscious until the start of its next turn.",
}

SpellsList["megalith"] = {

	name : "Megalith",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*megalith).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 99],

	classes : ["primordial"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "90 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A fist-sized stone inscribed with druidic runes by seven different archdruids",

	duration : "conc, 1 h",

	description : "I summon a mighty elemental being that appears in an unoccupied space I can see that is connected to the ground.",

	descriptionFull : "I summon a mighty elemental being that appears in an unoccupied space I can see that is connected to the ground. The megalith disappears when it drops to 0 hit HP or when the spell ends. The megalith serves me unquestioningly and takes its turn immediately after mine. The megalith obeys verbal commands given to it in a language it understands (no action required by me). If I don't issue commands to it, the megalith defends itself from hostile creatures, but otherwise takes no actions. If the megalith is within 90 feet of me, half of any damage I take (rounded up) is transferred to the megalith.",
}

SpellsList["megalith, revised"] = {

	name : "Megalith, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*megalith)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 154],

	classes : ["primordial"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "90 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A fist-sized stone inscribed with Druidic runes by seven different archdruids",

	duration : "conc, 1 h",

	description : "I summon a mighty elemental being that serves me faithfully for the spell’s duration.",

	descriptionFull : "I summon a mighty elemental being that serves me faithfully for the spell’s duration. The megalith appears in an unoccupied space I can see that is connected to the ground, and disappears when it drops to 0 HP or when the spell ends. The megalith serves me unquestioningly and takes its turn immediately after mine. The megalith obeys verbal commands (no action required) given to it in a language it understands. If I don’t issue commands to it, the megalith defends itself from hostile creatures but otherwise takes no actions. If the megalith is within 90 feet of me when I would take damage, I instead take half damage and the megalith takes the other half of that damage.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 10 minutes. When I cast the spell in this manner, I no longer need to concentrate to maintain its effects for the duration.",

	ritual : true,
}

CreatureList["megalith"] = {

	name : "Megalith",

	source : [["ELCR", 100], ["ELHH", 155]],

	size : 1,

	type : "Elemental",

	subtype : "",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 23,

	hp : 230,

	hd : [20, 12],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [26, 10, 20, 10, 16, 6],

	saves : ["+15", "", "+12", "", "+10", ""],

	senses : "Truesight 60 ft",

	damage_immunities : "poison",

	damage_resistances : "lightning, thunder; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-magical attacks",

	condition_immunities : "xhaustion, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 13,

	languages : "Druidic, Terran",

	challengeRating : "20",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Slam",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [6, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [15, 7, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a Strength saving throw versus the summoner's spell save DC or be knocked prone."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Druidic Strikes",
			description : "The megalith’s weapon attacks are magical."
		}, {
			name : "Siege Monster",
			description : "The megalith deals double damage to objects and structures."
		}
	]
};

SpellsList["mera's miraculous lightning leap"] = {

	name : "Mera's Miraculous Lightning Leap",

	nameShort : "Miraculous Lightning Leap",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*mera's)(?=.*miraculous)(?=.*lightning)(?=.*leap).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 100], ["ELHH", 156]],

	classes : ["primordial", "ascendant"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 bns",

	range : "Self",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A fine adamantine wire 15 feet long",

	duration : "1 rnd",

	description : "This spell transforms my body and equipment into pure electrical energy for the duration.",

	descriptionFull : "Discovered by the beloved silver dragonborn ascendant Mera, this spell transforms my body and equipment into pure electrical energy for the duration. While in this state, I gain the following benefits:\n   I'm immune to lightning damage and have resistance to all other damage.\n   I have a fly speed of 120 feet and my movement does not provoke opportunity attacks.\n   I can occupy another creature's space and vice versa and a creature’s space is not considered difficult terrain for me. Additionally, I can move through any space large enough for a pinhead. If I end my turn in another creature's space, I provoke an opportunity attack from that creature and are moved to the nearest unoccupied space.\n   When I enter a creature's space for the first time on a turn, it takes 10d10 lightning damage.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the damage increases by 10d10 and the spell's duration increases by one round for each tier above Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["miracle, revised"] = {

	name : "Miracle, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*miracle)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 156],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Special",

	components : "S,M",

	compMaterial : "Six unique gemstones from the beginning of time",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "With a snap of my fingers, I invoke the most powerful magic ever produced in the known multiverse.",

	descriptionFull : "With a snap of my fingers, I invoke the most powerful magic ever produced in the known multiverse. I change reality to a new mode of existence, with near-limitless potential. In the known history of this spell, no casting has failed to produce the desired effect exactly as intended. A \"typical\" casting of this spell involves replicating the effects of any other Epic spell as Deific effects. An \"atypical\" casting must involve a desire that can be stated in twelve words or less. However, when you cast this spell in an \"atypical\" manner, roll a d20. On a roll of 19 or lower the spell fails, I take arcane damage equal to my HP maximum, and I cannot cast the spell again until 1 year has passed. On a roll of 20 the spell functions normally, but I can never cast it again. Even the power of this spell cannot circumvent this effect.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 6 days. When I cast the spell in this manner, I always roll a natural 20 on the spell’s d20 roll on an \"atypical\" casting.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["mortifying apparition"] = {

	name : "Mortifying Apparition",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*mortifying)(?=.*apparition).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 101], ["ELHH", 156]],

	classes : ["primordial", "archmage", "archon", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpIllus",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A tooth of a person frightened to death",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	description : "I manifest a horrific vision in an unoccupied space I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I manifest a horrific vision in an unoccupied space I can see within range. Creatures of my choice that see the vision perceive it to be the most terrifying thing they can conceive. When a creature that is not frightened starts its turn and can see the vision, it must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or become frightened of the vision. A creature that is immune to the frightened condition cannot be immune to this effect but attempts saving throws against it with Epic Advantage. A creature frightened by this spell must take the Dash action to move away from the vision by the fastest, most direct route unless there is nowhere to move. If the creature ends its turn in a location where it cannot see the vision, it can attempt Wisdom saving throw. On a success, the effect ends for that creature and it cannot be frightened by the spell again for its duration.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell, I can take an action on each of my turns to move the vision up to 60 feet. If I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, a creature that successfully saves against the spell to end the effect is instead able to be frightened by the spell again for its duration.",
}

SpellsList["necrotic cyst"] = {

	name : "Necrotic Cyst",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*necrotic)(?=.*cyst).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 101], ["ELHH", 156]],

	classes : ["archmage", "ascendant", "overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "Necro",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A rag soaked in the blood of a plague victim",

	duration : "1 year",

	description : "My touch infests a creature with the vilest of disease that festers and churns with raw evil. Make a melee spell attack against a flesh-and-blood creature within reach.",

	descriptionFull : "My touch infests a creature with the vilest of disease that festers and churns with raw evil. Make a melee spell attack against a flesh-and-blood creature within reach. On a hit, I infest the creature with a necrotic cyst which takes up residence within its body. If the creature is immune to disease, it is not immune to the necrotic cyst, but my spell attack against the creature is made at Epic Disadvantage. The cyst is a complex disease that can take many forms. When I infect a creature with the disease, I may select which form the cyst initially takes. As an action while I'm on the same plane as the creature infected by the cyst, I may change the form of the cyst to a different one. An Epic creature can attempt a Constitution saving throw at the end of each of its turns. Once two successful Constitution saving throws have been made in this manner, the effect ends. The spell immediately ends if I cast it again before the duration ends.\n  Benign Cyst: The cyst lies dormant within the creature, becoming nearly undetectable. Non-Epic magic is unable to detect the cyst and the creature can no longer attempt Constitution saving throws to end the effect. A benign cyst can be surgically removed by a creature using a healer's kit to succeed on a Medicine ability check versus my spell save DC.\n   Emaciating Cyst: The creature's body rapidly withers as the cyst consumes its life force, reducing it to a hunched, crippled state. The creature cannot take bonus actions or reactions and has Epic Disadvantage on Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution saving throws.\n   Hungering Cyst: The creature’s body is consumed from the inside by the cyst. At the start of each of the creature’s turns, it takes 8d8 points of necrotic damage. If the target is slain while under the effects of the hungering cyst, each creature within 5 feet of the creature must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or become infected with a necrotic cyst for the remainder of the spell’s duration.\n   Liqudating Cyst: The cyst explodes outward in a shower of gore and body parts. If the creature has 100 HP or fewer, it is slain instantly. Otherwise, the creature takes 20d6 points of necrotic damage and the spell ends.\n   Oppressing Cyst: The creature's head visibly swells as the cyst relocates to its brain. The creature is charmed and has Epic Disadvantage on Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws.",
}

SpellsList["night terror"] = {

	name : "Night Terror",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*night)(?=.*terror).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 101], ["ELHH", 157]],

	classes : ["archmage", "ascendant", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpDiv",

	time : "1 min",

	range : "Special",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "The skull of a creature that died from psychic damage",

	duration : "1 week",

	description : "This Epic Spell fills a creature’s dreams with traumatic events and horrific visions.",

	descriptionFull : "This Epic Spell fills a creature’s dreams with traumatic events and horrific visions. I choose a creature known to me as the target of this spell. Creatures that do not sleep, such as elves, have Epic Advantage on saving throws against this spell but are not immune to its effects, instead suffering the effects when they take a long rest. If I possess a piece of that creature's body, such as a lock of hair, the creature attempts its saving throws against this spell with Epic Disadvantage. This spell immediately ends if I cast it again before its duration ends. Over the spell's duration, you automatically sense when my target begins a long rest. While the target is resting in this manner, I may begin a short or long rest to enter a trancelike state. I'm unconscious while in this state and still gain the benefits of that rest. In the trance, I may choose to inflict one of the following effects on the creature over the course of its rest.\n   Enervating Visions: I send the creature exhausting nightmares of starvation and weakness. The creature must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or gain 1 level of exhaustion and gain no benefit from its rest.\n   Murderous Intentions: I force the creature to dream of its death at your hands over and over. When the creature next sees me in person, it must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or take 8d6 psychic damage per day it has experienced these nightmares. A successful Wisdom saving throw halves the damage. If the spell ends before the creature sees you in person, this effect ends.\n   Torturous Impressions: I can injure the creature's mind by forcing it to experience torture, dismemberment, and staggering pain. When the target finishes its long rest, it must attempt a Constitution saving throw. Record whether the saving throw was a success or failure. If the target fails three such Constitution saving throws over the course of the spell's duration, it dies.",
}

SpellsList["obliterate, revised"] = {

	name : "Obliterate, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*obliterate)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 157],

	classes : ["archmage"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (∞ ft line)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "Twelve perfectly cut diamond prisms",

	duration : "Conc, 1 min",

	description : "I gather energy to unleash in a beam of incalculable power that lays waste to anything in its path.",

	descriptionFull : "I gather energy to unleash in a beam of incalculable power that lays waste to anything in its path. I conjure a sphere of destructive force that you then hold in a free hand. As an action on each of my turns for the duration, I may gather more power into the sphere. As an action while I hold the sphere, I may unleash its power in a 15-footwide line of infinite length. Creatures, objects, and structures in the affected area take 40d10 force damage, plus an additional 20d10 force damage for each time I charged the sphere with energy.",
}

SpellsList["obsidian tombs"] = {

	name : "Obsidian Tombs",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*obsidian)(?=.*tombs).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 102], ["ELHH", 157]],

	classes : ["archon", "primordial"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "Four obsidian shards carved into cubes",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Dex",

	description : "I create prisons of crushing rock from the ground in four 15-foot cubes I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I create prisons of crushing rock from the ground in four 15-foot cubes I can see within range. The cubes have an AC of 20 and 400 HP and if destroyed leave behind difficult terrain in the area they occupied. Huge or smaller creatures completely within those areas must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw to avoid getting imprisoned, moving to the nearest unoccupied space outside of the spell's area on a success. Creatures that are not completely inside a tomb's area are pushed to the nearest unoccupied space. On a failure, creatures that completely fit inside the area are encased in the stone prisons and begin suffocating.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, each cube created by this spell has 800 HP instead of 400.",
}

SpellsList["phenominal cosmic power"] = {

	name : "Phenominal Cosmic Power",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*phenominal)(?=.*cosmic)(?=.*power).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 102], ["ELHH", 158]],

	classes : ["archon"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A golden timepiece set to track 1 minute of time",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "My body surges with the endless power of the multiverse, consuming my magic but providing me with extraordinary benefits.",

	descriptionFull : "My body surges with the endless power of the multiverse, consuming my magic but providing me with extraordinary benefits. When this spell is cast and at the start of each of my turns, I may expend two of my unspent Non-Epic spell slots. I choose the level of the slots expended, gaining a number of special dice called cosmic dice (d12s) equal to six plus the combined level of spell slot levels expended in this fashion. I cannot have more cosmic dice than twice my maximum Hit Dice. Any excess dice generated beyond this limit are lost, and all cosmic dice generated by this spell are lost at the end of spell’s duration. This spell immediately ends if you cast it again before its duration ends or if I change form to that of another creature. You can use cosmic dice in a variety of ways, choosing from the following options:\n   Cosmic Shield: When I take damage, I may use my reaction to roll any number of my cosmic dice and reduce the damage by the total amount rolled.\n   Cosmic Form: Once per turn (no action required), I may spend four cosmic dice to end a single condition affecting me (I choose which condition).\n   Cosmic Blast: Once per turn, when I deal damage with a spell I cast, I may roll any number of my cosmic dice. The spell deals additional force damage equal to the amount rolled.",
}

SpellsList["phoenix pyre"] = {

	name : "Phoenix Pyre",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*phoenix)(?=.*pyre).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 102], ["ELHH", 158]],

	classes : ["archon"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 rea",

	range : "Self (20 ft rad)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A phoenix feather",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Dex",

	description : "I immolate myself in a massive blast of flame, dying instantly.",

	descriptionFull : "I immolate myself in a massive blast of flame, dying instantly. My body is destroyed and any equipment I were carrying vanishes in the flames. Creatures in a 20-foot-radius, 100-foot high cylinder centered on my space must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take fire damage equal to my maximum HP at the time I cast the spell. A successful saving throw halves the damage. At the end of my next turn, I return to life with half the HP I possessed when I cast the spell and my body and equipment magically reform at the space where I cast this spell (or the nearest unoccupied space if that space is occupied).\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell, I return to life with the same HP I had when I cast the spell. When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, I return to life at my maximum HP.",
}

SpellsList["planar eviction"] = {

	name : "Planar Eviction",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*planar)(?=.*eviction).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 102], ["ELHH", 158]],

	classes : ["archon", "primordial", "archmage", "ascendant", "overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "Two native flowers from two different planes",

	duration : "1 rnd",

	description : "I make a melee spell attack against a creature I can reach. On a successful hit, I banish the creature, scattering its form across the planes.",

	descriptionFull : "I make a melee spell attack against a creature I can reach. On a successful hit, I banish the creature, scattering its form across the planes. The creature disappears from its space and over the course of its banishment, it takes 10d10 acid, cold, fire, lightning, necrotic, or radiant damage (my choice). At the start of each of my turns for the duration, a creature banished by this spell takes an additional 10d10 damage of a different type from the list (my choice) then returns to the space it left or to the nearest unoccupied space if that space is occupied.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, the duration of the creature’s banishment increases by 1 round.",
}

SpellsList["prismatic deluge"] = {

	name : "Prismatic Deluge",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*prismatic)(?=.*deluge).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 102], ["ELHH", 158]],

	classes : ["archmage"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A shard of glass forged by dragonfire",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	description : "A cloud of multicolored light appears in a 10-foot tall, 150-foot radius cylinder centered on a point I can see 200 feet directly above me.",

	descriptionFull : "A cloud of multicolored light appears in a 10-foot tall, 150-foot radius cylinder centered on a point I can see 200 feet directly above me. The spell fails if I cannot see a point in the air where the cloud could appear. When I cast the spell and as an action on each of my turns until the spell ends, I may cause up to two different colored globes to rain down from the sky from the Colored Globe table. Each globe strikes a separate 15-foot cube centered on a point within range.\nAt Higher Levels: If I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, you create three colored globes instead of two at the time of casting and each time I take an action to call down additional globes.\n\nColored Globe Table:\n   Red: Each creature in the area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 120 fire damage, or half as much on a success.\n   Orange: Each creature in the area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 80 acid damage. Objects and structures in the area take triple damage. A successful saving throw halves the damage.\n   Yellow: Each creature in the area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 40 lightning damage and become stunned until the end of their next turn. A successful saving throw halves the damage and prevents the stunned condition.\n   Green: Each creature in the area must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 80 poison damage and become poisoned for the duration of the spell. A successful saving throw halves the damage and prevents the poisoned condition.\n   Blue: Each creature in the area must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 80 cold damage and have their movement speed reduced to 0 until the end of their next turn. A successful saving throw halves the damage and prevents the reduction to movement speed.\n   Indigo: Each creature in the area must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or become restrained as they begin to turn to stone. At the start of each restrained creature’s turn for the remainder of the spell’s duration, it must attempt a Constitution saving throw. If the creature fails a total of three Constitution saving throws (including the initial saving throw), it is petrified.\n   Violet: Each creature in the area must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or become slowed—its movement speed is halved and it is unable to take bonus actions or reactions for the remainder of the spell’s duration. A creature can attempt a Wisdom saving throw at the end of each of its turns to end the effect.",
}

SpellsList["puppeteer"] = {

	name : "Puppeteer",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*puppeteer).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 159],

	classes : ["overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpEnch",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "5 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "Silken strings woven from an ancient phase spider",

	duration : "Conc, 8 h",

	description : "I take command of the body of a creature that I can see within range, manipulating its form like a puppet master.",

	descriptionFull : "I take command of the body of a creature that I can see within range, manipulating its form like a puppet master. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or be enchanted by me for the duration and cannot act unless I will it. While the creature is enchanted by this spell, I have a telepathic link with it across any distance or planar boundary. I can use this telepathic link to issue commands to the creature while I'm conscious (no action required), which it obeys to the best of its ability. At the end of each of its turns in which it takes damage, a creature enchanted by this spell can repeat the saving throw to end the effect. This spell immediately ends if I cast it again before its duration ends.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time increases to 8 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, its duration increases to 1 week and I no longer need to concentrate to maintain its effects for the duration.",
}

SpellsList["pyroclastic cannon"] = {

	name : "Pyroclastic Cannon",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*pyroclastic)(?=.*cannon).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 103], ["ELHH", 159]],

	classes : ["archon", "archmage"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (500 ft line)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "Liquid magma from the heart of a volcano",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Dex",

	description : "A column of pure lava erupts from my outstretched hand in a direction I choose, forming a line 500 feet long and 15 feet wide.",

	descriptionFull : "A column of pure lava erupts from my outstretched hand in a direction I choose, forming a line 500 feet long and 15 feet wide. Everything in the line must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 50d8 fire damage and be coated in molten lava for 1 minute. A successful saving throw prevents being coated in lava. A creature coated in lava takes 10d8 fire damage at the start of each of its turns and can attempt a Dexterity saving throw at the end of each of its turns to end the effect.",
}

SpellsList["ravenous gluttony"] = {

	name : "Ravenous Gluttony",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*ravenous)(?=.*gluttony).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 160],

	classes : ["overlord"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A golden spoon that has been used at 1,000 meals",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I'm filled with an all-consuming hunger, as my jaw distends and I attempt to devour others.",

	descriptionFull : "I make a melee spell attack against a Huge or smaller creature within reach. On a successful hit, I deal 24d6 piercing damage and the target must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be drawn into my maw and transported to a demiplane submerged in acid. The demiplane is a 50-foot cube filled with acid to a depth of 25 feet. A creature that ends its turn within the acid takes 10d6 acid damage and can attempt a Charisma saving throw, escaping the demiplane and emerging in the nearest unoccupied space to me on a success. If a creature is slain by this acid damage, I regain a number of HP equal to half the creature’s HP maximum (rounded down).\nAt Higher Tiers: If I cast this spell as a Tier 3 Epic spell, the acid damage dealt is increased by 10d6.",
}

SpellsList["release the kraken"] = {

	name : "Release the Kraken",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*release)(?=.*the)(?=.*kraken).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 103], ["ELHH", 160]],

	classes : ["ascendant", "primordial"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A kraken's heart",

	duration : "conc, 10 min",

	description : "I conjure watery tentacles in eight unoccupied 10-foot squares on the ground or in water that I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I conjure watery tentacles in eight unoccupied 10-foot squares on the ground or in water that I can see within range. Each tentacle is an object that fully occupies the space with an AC of 18 and 200 HP that lasts for the duration or until reduced to 0 HP. When a creature starts its turn within 50 feet of a tentacle and the tentacle is not grappling another creature, the tentacle makes a melee spell attack against that creature. On a successful hit, the creature takes 6d6 bludgeoning damage, and Huge or smaller creatures are grappled and restrained (escape DC equal to my spell save DC). If a tentacle is grappling a creature, the tentacle cannot attack any creature other than the grappled creature. As an action, I can command all active tentacles to attack a creature, object, or structure I can see within 50 feet of each of them. Tentacles not grappling foes make a melee spell attack against any targets, dealing 6d6 bludgeoning damage on a successful hit and grappling and restraining Huge or smaller targets (escape DC equal to my spell save DC). Tentacles which are currently grappling creatures when you command them to attack instead fling the grappled creatures 120 feet in a random direction, dealing 12d6 bludgeoning damage and knocking them prone.",
}

SpellsList["reverse magic"] = {

	name : "Reverse Magic",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*reverse)(?=.*magic).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 103], ["ELHH", 160]],

	classes : ["archon", "archmage", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 rea",

	range : "300 ft",

	components : "S",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I interrupt a creature casting a spell with a blast of antimagic.",

	descriptionFull : "I interrupt a creature casting a spell with a blast of antimagic. If the creature is casting a Tier 1 Epic Spell or Non-Epic spell, that spell fails and has no effect. If the creature is casting a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, I must attempt an ability check using your spellcasting ability (DC 24 for a Tier 2 Epic Spell and DC 28 for a Tier 3 Epic Spell). On a success, the creature's spell fails and has no effect. At my discretion, spells which are successfully reversed explode spectacularly, dealing 10d6 arcane damage to the casting creature.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the interrupted spell has no effect if its tier is less than or equal to the tier used to cast this spell. Additionally, the damage caused by a reversed spell increases by 5d6 per tier above Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["silent scythe of slaying"] = {

	name : "Silent Scythe of Slaying",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*silent)(?=.*scythe)(?=.*of)(?=.*slaying).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 103], ["ELHH", 160]],

	classes : ["ascendant"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "1 bns",

	range : "60 ft",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A god's gravestone",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "I manifest a deadly spectral scythe of pure force within range that lasts for the duration or until I cast this spell again.",

	descriptionFull : "I manifest a deadly spectral scythe of pure force within range that lasts for the duration or until I cast this spell again. When I cast the spell, I can attempt a melee spell attack against a target within 15 feet of the weapon. On a hit, the weapon deals force damage equal to 5d10 plus my spellcasting ability modifier. If the weapon scores a critical hit, it rolls damage dice three times instead of twice. Creatures reduced to 0 HP by this spell are decapitated. As a bonus action on each of my turns, I can move the weapon up to 60 feet and repeat the attack against a target within 15 feet of it.",
}

SpellsList["sonic boom"] = {

	name : "Sonic Boom",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sonic)(?=.*boom).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 104], ["ELHH", 161]],

	classes : ["archon", "primordial"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (60 ft rad)",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A storm giant’s death rattle, magically preserved in a glass jar",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I clap my hands and unleash a deafening wave of thunderous energy in a 60-foot radius centered on me.",

	descriptionFull : "I clap my hands and unleash a deafening wave of thunderous energy in a 60-foot radius centered on me. Creatures other than me in that area must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 20d6 thunder damage and be blinded and deafened until they regain at least 1 HP from magical healing. A successful saving throw halves the damage and prevents the blinded and deafened conditions. If this spell is cast in a structure or enclosed space that is not large enough to accommodate the entire 60-foot radius, it deals an additional 20d6 thunder damage and I'm subjected to the spell's effects.",
}

SpellsList["soul harvest"] = {

	name : "Soul Harvest",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sonic)(?=.*harvest).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 104], ["ELHH", 161]],

	classes : ["archmage", "ascendant", "overlord"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpNecro",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "30 ft",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A lich's phylactery",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	description : "I extract the soul of a single creature within range and gain power from its essence.",

	descriptionFull : "I extract the soul of a single creature within range and gain power from its essence. The creature cannot regain HP for the duration of the spell and has Epic Disadvantage on all attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks. Additionally, the creature cannot be resistant or immune to damage while under the effects of this spell. Finally, I gain temporary HP equal to the target’s Constitution score multiplied by ten. If the creature is killed while under the effects of the spell, I consume its soul, learning everything the creature knew, and the creature cannot be restored to life by non-Deific means.",
}

SpellsList["spell sequencer"] = {

	name : "Spell Sequencer",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*spell)(?=.*sequencer).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 105], ["ELHH", 161]],

	classes : ["archmage", "ascendant"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpEnch",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A golden onion",

	duration : "8 h",

	description : "Imbuing my spellcasting with a powerful infusion of Epic magic, I select three Non-Epic spells you know of 5th level or lower with a casting time of 1 action or bonus action.",

	descriptionFull : "Imbuing my spellcasting with a powerful infusion of Epic magic, I select three non-Epic spells you know of 5th level or lower with a casting time of 1 action or bonus action. Until the spell ends, I may cast all three selected spells as a single bonus action in an order of my choice. Spells cast in this manner do not expend my spell slots and do not prevent me from casting additional non-cantrip spells that turn. This spell immediately ends after I use this bonus action or if I cast it again before the duration ends.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the maximum level of Non-Epic spells I can select at the time of the spell’s casting increases to 6th level as a Tier 2 Epic Spell, and 7th level as a Tier 3 Epic Spell.",
}

SpellsList["sphere of ultimate destruction"] = {

	name : "Sphere of Ultimate Destruction",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*sphere)(?=.*of)(?=.*ultimate)(?=.*destruction).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 105], ["ELHH", 161]],

	classes : ["overlord"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A black diamond cut into a perfect sphere",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I summon a 5-foot diameter sphere of pure destructive emptiness in a space of my choice within range which lasts for the duration.",

	descriptionFull : "I summon a 5-foot diameter sphere of pure destructive emptiness in a space of my choice within range which lasts for the duration. Whenever anything comes into contact with the sphere for the first time that round, it takes 30d10 force damage. A creature that makes contact with the sphere can attempt a Constitution saving throw to halve the damage. Anything reduced to 0 HP by the sphere is instantly and totally destroyed, leaving no remains. The sphere is capable of flight, and as a bonus action, I can move the sphere up to 60 feet. If the sphere maintains contact with a magical item of legendary quality or lower for its full duration, that item is disintegrated. As an action, I can choose to end the spell and open a portal to the void at the sphere's location. Everything within 60 feet of the portal must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be drawn into the void and instantly destroyed, leaving no remains.",
}

SpellsList["storm of torment"] = {

	name : "Storm of Torment",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*storm)(?=.*of)(?=.*torment).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 105], ["ELHH", 161]],

	classes : ["overlord", "ascendant"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpNecro",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (60 ft rad)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A draught of liquid suffering",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	description : "I invoke a swirling maelstrom of pain in a 60-foot radius around me.",

	descriptionFull : "I invoke a swirling maelstrom of pain in a 60-foot radius around me. Until the spell ends, the maelstrom moves with me and is centered on me. As a reaction when a creature in the spell's area takes an action, bonus action, legendary action, or reaction, I may deal 10d6 psychic damage to that creature and it must attempt a Constitution saving throw. On a failure, the creature's action fails. On a success, I regain the use of my reaction at the end of that turn. On each of my turns until the spell ends, I may forgo my action, bonus action, or both. For each action I forgo in this manner, I gain the use of an additional reaction until the start of my next turn.",
}

SpellsList["temporal stasis"] = {

	name : "Temporal Stasis",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*temporal)(?=.*stasis).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 105],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a or 1 min",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A watch that has never worked",

	duration : "conc, 1 min or Permanent",

	save : "Wis",

	description : "Time itself attempts to freeze around a creature I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "Time itself attempts to freeze around a creature I can see within range. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or become paralyzed for the duration. Creatures immune to the paralyzed condition are not immune to the effects of this spell and instead have Epic Advantage on saving throws against it. At the end of each of its turns, a paralyzed creature can attempt a Wisdom saving throw, suppressing the paralyzed condition on a success. On each of my turns, if a creature affected by this spell is not paralyzed, I may use my action to force it to succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or become paralyzed by the spell. This spell may be cast with a casting time of 1 minute. When cast in this manner the spell's duration becomes permanent. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or become paralyzed for the duration. While paralyzed by the spell in this manner, the target is frozen in time and does not age, nor does it need to eat, drink, or breathe. At the end of every thousand years, a paralyzed creature can attempt a Wisdom saving throw, ending the spell's effects on a success.",
}

SpellsList["temporal stasis, revised"] = {

	name : "Temporal Stasis, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*temporal)(?=.*stasis)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 162],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A watch that has never been wrong",

	duration : "conc, 1 min",

	save : "Wis",

	description : "Time itself attempts to freeze around a creature I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "Time itself attempts to freeze around a creature I can see within range. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or become paralyzed for the duration. Creatures immune to the paralyzed condition are not immune to the effects of this spell and instead have Epic Advantage on saving throws against it. At the end of each of its turns, a paralyzed creature can attempt a Wisdom saving throw, suppressing the paralyzed condition on a success. On each of your turns, if a creature affected by this spell is not paralyzed, I may use my action to force it to attempt a Wisdom saving throw, becoming paralyzed by the spell on a failure.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 1 minute. When I cast the spell in this manner, its duration becomes permanent. Additionally, while paralyzed by the spell in this manner, the target is frozen in time and does not age or need to eat, drink, or breathe. At the end of every thousand years, a paralyzed creature can attempt a Wisdom saving throw, ending the spell’s effects on a success.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["torrential avalanche"] = {

	name : "Torrential Avalanche",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*torrential)(?=.*avalanche).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 105],

	classes : ["primordial", "archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a or 10 min",

	range : "Sight",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A snow globe containing a tiny village at the base of a mountain",

	duration : "1 min or 1 h",

	save : "Str",

	description : "A gigantic avalanche of snow and debris appears at a point I choose within range.",

	descriptionFull : "A gigantic avalanche of snow and debris appears at a point I choose within range. I can make the wall a straight line up to 500 feet long, 100 feet high, and 50 feet thick. The wall lasts for the duration. When the wall appears, each creature within the area must succeed on a Strength saving throw or take 10d10 cold damage or half as much on a success. At the start of each of my turns after the wall appears, the wall, along with any creatures in it, moves 60 feet away from me. Any Gargantuan or smaller creature inside the wall or whose space the wall enters when it moves must attempt a Strength saving throw or take 10d10 cold damage or half as much on a success. A creature can take this damage only once per turn. If the wall lasts for its full duration, it crashes to the ground in wave of frigid cold. Each creature within the wall’s area when the spell ends in this manner must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 30d10 cold damage, or half as much on a success. A creature caught in the wall can move by swimming. Moving within the wall costs quadruple movement. A creature that moves out of the area falls to the ground. This spell can be cast with a casting time of 10 minutes. If cast in this way, the duration of the spell increases to 1 hour, and the wall may be a straight line up to 1 mile long, 500 feet high, and 100 feet thick. The wall moves 200 feet away from me at the start of each of my turns.",
}

SpellsList["torrential avalanche, revised"] = {

	name : "Torrential Avalanche, Revised",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*torrential)(?=.*avalanche)(?=.*revised).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 162],

	classes : ["primordial", "archon"],

	level : 2,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Sight",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A snow globe containing a tiny village at the base of a mountain",

	duration : "1 min",

	save : "Str",

	description : "A gigantic avalanche of snow and debris appears at a point I choose within range.",

	descriptionFull : "A gigantic avalanche of snow and debris appears at a point I choose within range. I can make a wall of snow in a straight line up to 500 feet long, 100 feet high, and 50 feet thick, which lasts for the duration. The wall is permeable, requiring 4 feet of movement for every 1 foot a creature wishes to move through it. When the wall appears, each creature within the area must succeed on a Strength saving throw or take 10d10 cold damage, or half as much on a success, and become immersed within the wall. At the start of each of my turns after the wall appears, the wall, along with any creatures in or on its affected area, moves 60 feet in a straight line away from me. Any Gargantuan or smaller creature immersed within the wall or whose space the wall enters when it moves must attempt a Strength saving throw or take 10d10 cold damage, or half as much on a success. A creature can take this damage only once per turn. If the wall lasts for its full duration, it crashes to the ground in a wave of frigid cold. Each creature within the wall’s area when the spell ends in this manner must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 30d10 cold damage, or half as much on a success.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time increases to 8 hours. When I cast the spell in this manner, its maximum length is increased up to 1 mile, its maximum height is increased up to 1,000 feet, and its maximum thickness is increased up to 500 feet.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["translocation"] = {

	name : "Translocation",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*translocation).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 106], ["ELHH", 162]],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a or 1 bns",

	range : "30 ft or 60 ft",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "Instantaneous or conc, 1 min",

	description : "If I cast this spell as an action, it transports me and up to twenty willing creatures I can see within 30 feet of me, or a single object that I can see within 30 feet of me, to a destination I select.",

	descriptionFull : "If I cast this spell as an action, it transports me and up to twenty willing creatures I can see within 30 feet of me, or a single object that I can see within 30 feet of me, to a destination I select. If I target an object, it must be able to fit inside a 30-foot cube and it can’t be held or carried by an unwilling creature. The destination I choose must have been viewed by me in person at least once; I may choose a location on another plane of existence. Non-Deific forces cannot prevent this effect. If I cast this spell as a bonus action, I teleport to an unoccupied space I can see within 60 feet and must concentrate on the spell to maintain its effect. On each of my turns before the spell ends, I can use a bonus action to teleport in this way again.",
}

SpellsList["transmogrification"] = {

	name : "Transmogrification",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*transmogrification).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 106], ["ELHH", 162]],

	classes : ["primordial", "archon"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A doppelganger embryo",

	duration : "conc, 10 min",

	description : "I choose one creature or non-magical object I can see within reach. I transform a creature into a different creature, a creature into an object, or an object into a creature.",

	descriptionFull : "I choose one creature or non-magical object I can see within reach. I transform a creature into a different creature, a creature into an object, or an object into a creature (the object must be neither worn nor carried by another creature). Mythic creatures are immune to the effects of this spell. An affected target gains temporary HP equal to the HP of its new form. These temporary HP cannot be replaced by temporary hit points from another source and the target reverts to its normal form when it has no more temporary HP or when it dies. If the spell ends before then, the target loses all its temporary HP and reverts to its normal form. At the end of each of its turns, a transformed Epic creature can attempt a Wisdom saving throw to end the effect. After three successful Wisdom saving throws, the effect ends. If I concentrate on this spell for its full duration, its effects become permanent and a creature can no longer attempt saving throws to end the effect. As an action, I can touch a creature affected by this spell to force it to assume a different form.\n   Creature into Creature: If I turn a creature into another kind of creature, the new form can be any kind I choose whose challenge rating is equal to or less than my character level. A creature cannot be turned into a mythic creature under any circumstances. I can choose to have the target's game statistics, including mental ability scores, completely replaced by the statistics of the new form and the target assumes the new form’s alignment and personality. Otherwise, the target retains its alignment, along with its Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma scores. Additionally, the target retains its skill and saving throw proficiencies, in addition to gaining those of the creature, if the creature has the same proficiency as the target, use whichever bonus is higher. The target is limited in the actions it can perform by the nature of its new form, and it can't speak, cast spells, or take any other actions that require hands or speech, unless its new form is capable of such actions. The target's equipment can meld into the new form at your discretion. The target can't activate, use, wield, or otherwise benefit from any of its equipment unless that form could also do so.\n   Object into Creature: I can turn an object into any kind of creature, as long as that creature is not a mythic creature and the creature's challenge rating is 20 or lower. The creature is friendly to me and my companions for the duration and acts immediately after me on the initiative order. The DM has the creature's statistics and controls the creature, resolving all of its actions and movement. If the spell becomes permanent, the creature may remain friendly toward me depending on how it was treated.\n   Creature into Object: If I turn a creature into an object, it transforms along with whatever it is wearing and carrying into that form. The creature's statistics becomes those of the object, and the creature has no memory of the time spent in this form if it reverts to its normal form. The object cannot be worth more than 10,000 gp.",
}

SpellsList["true alchemy"] = {

	name : "True Alchemy",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*true)(?=.*alchemy).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 164],

	classes : ["primordial"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "Primordial matter from before time worth 100,000 gp",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Str",

	description : "I touch an object or structure no bigger than a 50-foot cube and disrupt its form with magic, permanently transmuting it into a form of my choice.",

	descriptionFull : "I touch an object or structure no bigger than a 50-foot cube and disrupt its form with magic, permanently transmuting it into a form of my choice. When I affect an object in this manner, I choose what properties it loses or gains (such as HP, AC, or other properties). However, the object cannot be transformed into something worth more than 100,000 gp in raw materials, nor can its dimensions be increased beyond that of a 50-foot cube. If the object you touched is a magic item, I can instead transform it into another item of the same rarity. To affect an artifact in this manner, I must first succeed on a DC 40 saving throw of a type equal to my spellcasting ability. On a failure, I take arcane damage equal to my HP maximum. Anything I transform the target into in this manner must be something that exists or has existed in my universe. If I attempt to transmute a target into something that has never existed in my universe, the spell fails.",
}

SpellsList["venom lance"] = {

	name : "Venom Lance",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*venom)(?=.*lance).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 106], ["ELHH", 164]],

	classes : ["primordial"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "500 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A manticore's stinger",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I hurl a stinger imbued with lethal poison which seeks out a creature I'm aware of.",

	descriptionFull : "I hurl a stinger imbued with lethal poison which seeks out a creature I'm aware of. The targeted creature must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or have its HP maximum reduced by 15d6 + 60, or half as much on a success. A creature’s hit point maximum remains reduced until it is affected by an Epic effect that restores HP or until it finishes a long rest.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, the creature’s HP maximum on a failed saving throw is reduced by an additional 40 points for each tier above Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["wall of dissolution"] = {

	name : "Wall of Dissolution",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*wall)(?=.*of)(?=.*dissolution).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 106], ["ELHH", 164]],

	classes : ["primordial", "archmage", "archon"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A vial of fresh acid from a black dragon",

	duration : "conc, 1 h",

	description : "A vitriolic wall of slick acid appears on the ground, forming a semi-transparent barrier up to 90 feet long, 30 feet high, and 5 feet thick, centered on a point I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "A vitriolic wall of slick acid appears on the ground, forming a semi-transparent barrier up to 90 feet long, 30 feet high, and 5 feet thick, centered on a point I can see within range. Alternatively, I can shape the wall into a hemisphere up to 30 feet in diameter centered on a point I choose within range. The wall remains in place for the duration. Creatures in the wall's area when it is created, who move into the wall for the first time on their turn, or who start their turn within the wall must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or take 12d8 acid damage, or half as much on a success. If a creature fails its saving throw by 5 or more, it takes double damage from the spell. A creature attempting to move through the wall must spend 4 feet of movement for every 1 foot moved.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, I may increase the wall’s thickness by 10 feet per tier above Tier 1.",
}

SpellsList["wave of calamity"] = {

	name : "Wave of Calamity",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*wave)(?=.*of)(?=.*calamity).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 107], ["ELHH", 164]],

	classes : ["ascendant", "archmage", "overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpNecro",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "Self (30 ft cone)",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "Demon bile",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	save : "Con",

	description : "Toxic fumes emanate from my mouth.",

	descriptionFull : "Toxic fumes emanate from my mouth. Each creature in a 30-foot cone must attempt a Constitution saving throw. A creature gains two levels of exhaustion on a failure, or one level on a success. A creature with one or more levels of exhaustion gained from this spell may attempt a Constitution saving throw at the start of each of its turns to remove one level of exhaustion gained from this spell. A creature immune to the poisoned condition has Epic advantage on saving throws against this spell.\nAt Higher Levels: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic Spell or higher, a creature gains two additional levels of exhaustion on a failed saving throw per tier above Tier 1, or half as many levels on a success.",
}

SpellsList["well of infinite darkness"] = {

	name : "Well of Infinite Darkness",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*well)(?=.*of)(?=.*infinite)(?=.*darkness).*$/i,

	source : ["ELHH", 165],

	classes : ["overlord"],

	level : 1,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "120 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "A coin from a cursed wishing well",

	duration : "1 h",

	save : "Con",

	description : "I call up a void of pure blackness at a point on the ground that I can see within range.",

	descriptionFull : "I call up a void of pure blackness at a point on the ground that I can see within range. The void is a 15-foot square that lasts for the duration and emits an aura of light-eating power in a 100-foot radius centered on it. All sources of light within the 15-foot square are immediately extinguished and the entire area is drained of all light. Creatures within the affected area are heavily obscured against all visual senses.\nAt Higher Tiers: When I cast this spell as a Tier 2 Epic spell or higher, the radius of the well increases by 100 feet for each tier above Tier 1.\nAs a Ritual: When I cast this spell as a ritual, its casting time is increased to 1 hour. When I cast the spell in this manner, the spell’s duration becomes permanent. The spell ends early if I cast it again.",

	ritual : true,
}

SpellsList["affair of honor"] = {

	name : "Affair of Honor",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*affair)(?=.*of)(?=.*honor).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 108],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEnch",

	time : "8 h",

	range : "Special",

	components : "V,S,M,L",

	compMaterial : "A written contract between both participants, signed in blood and a location agreed upon by both participants",

	duration : "24 h",

	description : "The magic of this ritual binds two creatures together, forcing them to engage in honorable combat without any assistance from allies or outside forces.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin casting this ritual, I must touch two creatures that have agreed to be willing participants in the duel. If either creature willingly leaves the spell's area during its preparation, it is slain instantly, and the spell fails. Over the course of the preparation, I must use precise legal language to describe the rules of the duel so that there are no loopholes or exploits, ensuring both participants understand these parameters. The duel can have special rules upon which both participants agree (such as banning spellcasting, magic items, or illegal techniques), but the duel must always be to the death. All creatures other than the duelists are magically transported to the edge of the spell's area and cannot enter the area by any means until the effect ends. Everything within the spell's area is immune to all effects from sources outside the area. If any force would successfully interfere with the duel, the spell immediately ends. The spell ends when one of the duelists has slain the other or after 24 hours have elapsed. A creature slain within the spell's area cannot be restored to life without the victorious creature's explicit permission.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["apocalypse"] = {

	name : "Apocalypse",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*apocalypse).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 108],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "10000 d",

	range : "1 mile",

	components : "V,S,M,L",

	compMaterial : "A pinch of dust from a destroyed world and the place the world is destined to end, which is determined by the DM",

	duration : "1 min",

	description : "This ritual uses the power of a deity to bring about the utter destruction of a world. Once cast, there is no stopping the apocalypse, the world is doomed.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin casting this ritual, I must designate a willing deity with a divine rank of greater deity or higher to provide the power behind the spell. Over the course of the ritual's preparation, I must honor the sponsoring deity with ritualistic sacrifices, extravagant prayers, and other acts of faith that are appropriate to its portfolio. Doing so requires 8 hours of strenuous activity each day and an extraordinary amount of resources whose expense is determined by the DM. A supporting caster can perform these acts with me, reducing the preparation time of the ritual by 1 day per day I'm aided in this manner. The preparation time of this ritual cannot be reduced to less than 100 days by any means. During the last 7 days of the casting, I must consecrate the area within 1 mile of the ritual’s location, dedicating it to the sponsoring deity. This process takes 16 hours of strenuous activity per day in addition to the normal 8 hours of strenuous activity required to prepare the ritual. If the ritual is interrupted or fails during this time, both me and the sponsoring deity are destroyed utterly and cannot be restored to life by any means. The apocalypse begins. Seas boil, the ground splits open, volcanoes erupt, and the sky rains death. On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties) everything on the plane takes 10d10 points of either acid, cold, fire, or lightning damage, and 10d10 points of vile or righteous damage (my choice in both cases). At the end of the ritual's duration, the plane explodes, and everything remaining upon it loses 100d10 HP. Anything reduced to 0 HP by this ritual is destroyed utterly. Each effect produced by this ritual is considered a Deific effect and cannot be prevented by any means.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["arcane embargo"] = {

	name : "Arcane Embargo",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*arcane)(?=.*embargo).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 108],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpAbjur",

	time : "30 d",

	range : "10 miles",

	components : "V,S,M,L",

	compMaterial : "A spell scroll of a 9th-level spell from the school of magic I wish to embargo and a 100-foot square of ground unaffected by magic",

	duration : "Permanent",

	description : "I completely ban the use of magic from a certain school within the ritual’s area by generating a discriminatory field of antimagic.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin preparing this ritual, I must immediately choose one school of magic. Over the course of the ritual's preparation, I must perform 8 hours of strenuous activity each day carving runes of antimagic throughout the area. If I cast this ritual again in an area already affected by this ritual, the spell ends. A powerful aura of discerning antimagic emanates from the ritual’s location in a 10-mile radius. Spells of the school I designated when I began casting the ritual automatically fail when cast within the area by non-Deific means and the effects of such spells (other than the ritual) are suppressed within the area.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["army of darkness"] = {

	name : "Army of Darkness",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*army)(?=.*of)(?=.*darkness).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 109],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpNecro",

	time : "Special",

	range : "Special",

	components : "V,S,M,L",

	compMaterial : "At least one hundred humanoid corpses, up to a maximum of ten thousand and the site of a massacre, great battle, or other event in which hundreds were slain by violent means",

	duration : "Permanent",

	description : "This ritual creates legions of undead that can be commanded like an army.",

	descriptionFull : "Over the course of the ritual's preparation, I inscribe profane symbols of undeath onto corpses available within the area. I can inscribe up to one hundred corpses in this manner for every 8 hours of strenuous activity I engage in, and each supporting caster can inscribe 25 corpses for every 8 hours of strenuous activity they engage in. The preparation time of this ritual increases depending on the number of corpses I wish to inscribe. I speak the words \"klaatu, barada, nikto\" and all inscribed corpses rise as undead creatures. Each corpse becomes either a zombie or skeleton (my choice) and is friendly toward me and my supporting casters. I can use a bonus action on each of my turns to telepathically issue commands, and the undead follow my commands explicitly. When issuing such a command, I can choose to address a single undead, ten undead, or the entire army. If a humanoid creature is slain by an undead created by this ritual, it immediately rises as a zombie and becomes a member of the army. If I'm slain or do not issue a command in a single 24-hour period to undead created by the ritual, the army disperses and the effect ends.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["call of the lance"] = {

	name : "Call of the Lance",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*call)(?=.*of)(?=.*the)(?=.*lance).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 109],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 h",

	range : "Special",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "An adamantine lance",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I call a mighty mount to serve me faithfully in battle against the mightiest of foes. This creature is a fearless companion that lives and dies by my side, shaped by my courage and worthiness as a rider.",

	descriptionFull : "While I'm preparing this ritual, I must engage in light activity for its entire preparation time. This activity takes the form of reciting a poem I have composed that tells of the horrors of war, the glory of battle, and the courage it takes to charge down one's foes. The poem must end with an oath that pledges loyalty and affection to my mount. Once I begin preparing this ritual, I cannot prepare it again until I finish a long rest. A powerful mount appears in an unoccupied space adjacent to me. The mount is a celestial, dragon, fiend, or plant (my choice) and comes equipped with barding that cannot be removed by any means. The mount immediately disappears if I begin preparing this ritual again, it is slain, or I willingly treat the mount as though it were not a friend or ally. Whenever the mount disappears, it leaves behind any objects it was carrying or wearing besides its barding. If I willingly kill my mount, I can never cast this ritual again. The mount is friendly toward me and serves me unquestioningly, sharing my goals and motivations. I control the mount in combat. While the mount is within 1 mile of me, I can communicate with it telepathically.",

	ritual : true
}

CreatureList["epic mount"] = {

	name : "Epic Mount",

	source : ["HB", 0],

	size : 2,

	type : "Celestial, Dragon, Fiend, or Plant",

	subtype : "",

	companion : "steed",

	alignment : "Same as caster",

	ac : 24,

	hp : 333,

	hd : [29, 10],

	speed : "50 ft, fly 100 ft",

	scores : [20, 18, 22, 18, 24, 12],

	saves : ["", "", "", "", "", ""],

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft, darkvision 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-magical attacks",

	condition_immunities : "charmed and frightened",

	passivePerception : 10,

	languages : "Same as caster",

	challengeRating : "20",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Kick",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "The target is pushed 10 feet away from the mount",
			modifiers : [5, 5, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [5, 5, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Empowered Blows",
			description : "The mount's weapon attacks are magical."
		}, {
			name : "Mighty Steed",
			description : "While it is being ridden, the mount has Epic Advantage on saving throws and ability checks."
		}, {
			name : "Unbelivable Speed",
			description : "On each of its turns, the mount can take a bonus action to take the Dash action."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Call to Glory (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The mount magically teleports up to 100 miles to an unoccupied space adjacent to the caster of the \"Call of the Lance\" spell. As a reaction when the mount appears, the caster may mount it."
		}
	]
};

SpellsList["cast down"] = {

	name : "Cast Down",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*cast)(?=.*down).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 110],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "7 d",

	range : "Special",

	components : "V,S,M,L",

	compMaterial : "The most powerful devout worshiper of the target deity and a site sacred to the target deity",

	duration : "24 h",

	description : "In the face of Epic magic, even the gods can be made vulnerable. Developed by Janon the Godbreaker, this ritual can make a deity temporarily mortal and strand it on a mortal plane.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin the ritual's preparation, I must immediately name an intermediate or greater deity and speak its truename. The target deity becomes aware of the ritual's preparation the instant its truename is spoken. Over the course of the ritual's preparation, I must spend 24 hours of strenuous activity each day in focused meditation during which I cannot move or take actions. A supporting caster can assist me by meditating in the same manner, temporarily assuming the role of primary caster for up to 8 hours each day. In the last hour of the ritual’s preparation, I need no longer meditate and the devout worshiper (the material component for the ritual) must be executed by me and the body desecrated. If the ritual fails, me and any supporting casters who aided me cannot cast this spell again for 100 years. The target deity falls from the sky, landing in a holy site, church, or place of religious significance dedicated to it. The landing causes a catastrophic explosion, dealing 100d10 force damage to everything within 1,000 feet of the point of impact. For the duration of the ritual, the deity cannot go more than 500 feet from the impact area by any means. The bound deity is no manifestation, avatar, or visage, but a full-fledged god in possession of Deific powers. The deity almost always views being summoned in such a manner as an unforgivably hostile act. If the deity is slain over the course of the ritual’s duration, it is permanently destroyed and cannot be restored to life by any means. If the deity slays me and my supporting casters, the ritual’s effects immediately end.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["dungeon delver's delight"] = {

	name : "Dungeon Delver's Delight",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*dungeon)(?=.*delver's)(?=.*delight).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 110],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "2 h",

	range : "200 ft",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192,L",

	compMaterial : "A solid gold cornucopia worth at least 5,000 gp and the entrance to a dungeon, lair, or other inhospitable, enclosed space",

	duration : "8 h",

	description : "The ultimate spell for the homeless adventurer, this ritual creates an idyllic and inviting campsite for me and my companions to share.",

	descriptionFull : "Over the course of the ritual's preparation, I direct my thoughts to those of joy, good food, comfort, and companionship. These thoughts begin to manifest as the effects of the ritual, but appear as hazy mirages until the ritual is complete. Even Epic characters must eat, and few feasts are more nourishing than the impressive dungeon delver’s delight. Created by the famous dungeoneer Mark Maximus, this ritual creates an extravagant camping site that provides me with all the necessities to brave the horrors in a nearby dungeon. The ritual produces the following effects within unoccupied spaces within 200 feet of its location.\n   Fantastic Feast: An extravagant feast appears before me, able to feed up to twenty individuals of Gargantuan size or smaller. A creature must spend 1 hour consuming the feast to gain the following benefits for 24 hours.\n     The creature gains the benefits of a heroes' feast spell.\n     The first magical potion the creature drinks after consuming the feast has its duration increased to the duration of the feast’s effect.\n     When the creature is reduced to 0 HP for the first time, it may choose to be immediately magically teleported to the location of the feast.\n   Warding Campfire: A roaring firepit supplies warmth to any who rest near it. The area within 300 feet of the campfire causes the following effects:\n     Allies that finish a long rest recover all of their hit dice instead of half.\n     All non-Epic weather effects that would be harmful or unpleasant to creatures within the area are negated.\n     I'm telepathically alerted if an enemy creature attempts to enter the area without my express permission. Such creatures must succeed on a DC 26 Wisdom saving throw or be unable to willingly enter the area.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["force field"] = {

	name : "Force Field",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*force)(?=.*field).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 111],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon", "ascendant"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "8 h",

	range : "20 ft rad",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "One adamantine cube worth 1,000 gp for each 20-foot cube of the spell’s area",

	duration : "Permanent",

	description : "I create a nearly impenetrable field of force that totally encompasses an area. I can raise or lower this field with a mere word.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin preparing the ritual, I must draw a line upon the ground that forms the outline of the area I wish to affect with the ritual, which becomes its location. Over the course of the ritual's casting, I must engage in strenuous activity during which I perfectly determine the exact arcane geometry of the spell. The area of the spell is a 20 ft. cube for each material component I provide, each of which must be adjacent to the other. At the end of the ritual’s casting, I must designate a password that can be used to raise or lower the forcefield when spoken. As a bonus action, when me or another creature speaks the designated password within 5 feet of the ritual’s area, a mighty barrier of pure force forms around the perimeter of the spell’s area. Speaking the password again while within 5 feet of the ritual’s area causes the barrier to disappear. The barrier is 1 foot thick and prevents the passage of any physical object, creature, or magical effect. Anything attempting to leave or enter the area of the spell by magical means must succeed on a DC 28 Charisma saving throw, or the effect fails. Effects that would ordinarily destroy force effects (such as a disintegrate spell) instead destroy a 10-foot section of the barrier. Unless the barrier is completely destroyed, any destroyed sections of the barrier are magically repaired after 1 minute.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["immortal legend"] = {

	name : "Immortal Legend",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*immortal)(?=.*legend).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 111],

	classes : ["primordial", "truespeaker", "ascendant"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "7 d",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "A solid gold statue of the target, forged on a 1:1 scale",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I restore a dead creature to life with the power of Epic magic, allowing it to return regardless of how it died.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin preparing the ritual, I must touch the statue used as the spell's material component and willingly maintain physical contact with it for the entire preparation. During this time, I channel my power into the statue, slowly transforming it into the target creature. A secondary caster can aid in the ritual's casting by duplicating this process, reducing the preparation time by 1 day for each supporting caster that does so, to a minimum of 1 day. The statue is magically transformed into a new body for the dead creature, which is returned to life in its place. This is a Deific effect and is able to restore all aspects of a slain creature (such as a new soul, truename, or similar characteristics). If the creature died of old age, it returns to life at an age of my choice. Once a creature has been restored to life by this ritual, it can never be affected by it again for a period of 1,000 years.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["legacy of steel"] = {

	name : "Legacy of Steel",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*legacy)(?=.*of)(?=.*steel).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 111],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEnch",

	time : "6 months",

	range : "Touch",

	components : "V,S,M,L",

	compMaterial : "A non-magical weapon or piece of armor that I have wielded for at least 5 years and a smithy",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I spend countless hours perfecting a piece of equipment that is significant to me, reforming it into a mighty tool of great power.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin preparing this ritual, I begin augmenting the item chosen as the ritual's material component. Over the course of the ritual’s preparation, I must honor the history that me and the chosen item share. Doing so involves 8 hours of light activity each day during which I contemplate my relationship with the item. I reflect on battles I have fought, foes I have slain, and lives I have saved, all with the faithful assistance of this veteran piece of equipment. Additionally, I must spend 8 hours of strenuous activity each day improving, augmenting, and enchanting the item using various tools, magic, and skills. Doing so involves expending at least 2,000 gp of exceedingly rare materials per day appropriate to the composition of the item. With the masterwork stroke of my tools, my formerly mundane piece of equipment is reborn as an artifact. The item gains the magical properties of a single magical weapon (if the item was a weapon) or armor (if the item was a piece of armor) of legendary quality or lower magic item of my choice. The DM determines what properties are available to choose from, and I must attune to the item to benefit from its properties. The type of weapon or armor of my item need not correspond to the property of the original item. For example, I can use this ritual to give a glaive the properties of a flame tongue sword. At my DM’s discretion, my item may be intelligent. In such cases, the item is friendly toward me and aspires to follow my ideals. Other creatures cannot attune to the item, and while I'm attuned to the item I'm aware of its exact location as long as it is on the same plane as me.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["miracle"] = {

	name : "Miracle",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*miracle).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 112],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "1 year",

	range : "Self (Infinite)",

	components : "V,S",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "Miracle is the most powerful magic ever produced in the known multiverse. Its power is limitless, able to accomplish anything with a snap of my fingers.",

	descriptionFull : "Preparing this ritual requires the sacrifice of godlike power. When I begin preparing this ritual, I must declare what I seek to accomplish by casting this spell. This declaration is heard and perfectly understood by every Deific creature in the multiverse. Over the course of the ritual's preparation, I must dedicate my divine power toward the ritual. I cannot use or benefit from any features gained from having divine ranks, and I must spend 8 hours of strenuous activity each day channeling this energy toward the spell. While preparing this ritual, Deific creatures always know my exact location, and I cannot be hidden or invisible to Deific creatures. With a snap of my fingers I change reality to a new mode of existence, with near-limitless potential. In the known history of this ritual, no casting has failed to produce the desired effect exactly as intended. The effect must be identical to the desired effect declared when I began preparing the ritual. The effects of this ritual are beyond Deific, and only the most powerful deities are believed to be capable of contesting its magic. Once this ritual has been performed, I lose one divine rank (minimum of 0) and the spell cannot be cast again by any creature for 100 years.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["natural disaster"] = {

	name : "Nautral Disaster",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*natural)(?=.*disaster).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 112],

	classes : ["ascendant", "primordial"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "12 h",

	range : "50 miles",

	components : "V,S,M,L",

	compMaterial : "The skull of a creature from an extinct species and within at least 50 miles of an artificial structure",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "I invoke the vengeful spirits of nature to create a cataclysmic disaster that is nonmagical in nature.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin preparing this ritual, I target a single artificial structure I can see, which nature acknowledges with ominous force. The earth rumbles, winds blow, seas churn, and trees murmur. Over the course of the ritual’s preparation, I cannot move or take actions as I continue to point at my target. Supporting casters can do the same if they stand adjacent to me. For each supporting caster that aids me in this manner, the casting time of the ritual is reduced by 2 hours. An endless onslaught of deadly natural phenomena causes the following effects in a 1 mile radius centered on the target, which occur in a specific order. None of the effects are considered magical, with a save DC equal to the ritual’s power DC (which is 32). The DM determines which sections of the area are affected, along with the behavior of the ritual’s effects. Each effect lasts for its entire duration.\n   Immediatley: Five gigantic waves wash over the affected area. Each of the waves is equivalent to the tsunami spell.\n   After 10 minutes: A volcano erupts, creating a flowing source of lava. The volcano is equivalent to the Epic spell caldera cast as a tier 3 Epic spell.\n   After 20 minutes: Ten tornados descend from the sky. Each tornado is equivalent to the whirlwind spell.\n   After 30 minutes: Massive tremors shake the ground. The effect is equivalent to the earthquake spell.\n   After 40 minutes: If all artificial structures and objects in the affected area are destroyed, the effects end. Otherwise, the ritual’s effects repeat themselves as though it were cast again.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["obliterate"] = {

	name : "Obliterate",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*obliterate).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 112],

	classes : ["archmage", "archon", "overlord"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpEvoc",

	time : "24 h",

	range : "Infinite (5 ft line)",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192",

	compMaterial : "12 perfectly cut diamond prisms, worth 1,000 gp each",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "When a situation calls for overwhelming, excessive force, spellcasters turn to the obliterate Epic ritual. This spell unleashes a beam of incalculable power that lays waste to anything in its path.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin the ritual's preparation, I conjure a sphere of destructive force and must hold it in my hand. Once per day, while I'm preparing this ritual, I must gather additional magical power within the sphere. Doing so takes 1 hour of uninterrupted concentration (as though I were concentrating on a spell) during which I cannot move or take actions. At the end of that hour I must succeed on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw. Each time I succeed on this saving throw, the DC of the next time you would attempt the saving throw increases by 2. This effect is cumulative for each time I attempt the saving throw. If I fail the saving throw, if my concentration is interrupted, if the spell fails, or if I attempt to prepare the ritual for more than 10 days, the sphere explodes violently in a 100-foot radius centered on me. Me and everything else within the area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw versus the power DC or take the spell’s damage, or half as much on a success. I can choose to cast the ritual at any point after the first day of preparation. I unleash a devastating beam of pure force from my hands in a 5-foot-wide line of infinite length. Each creature in the effect’s area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 30d10 force damage for each day I spent in preparation of the ritual, or half as much on a success.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["planar crossroad"] = {

	name : "Planar Crossroad",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*planar)(?=.*crossroad).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 113],

	classes : ["archmage", "primordial", "truespeaker"],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpConj",

	time : "24 h",

	range : "200 ft",

	components : "V,S,M\u0192,L",

	compMaterial : "2 masterfully hand-painted landscape portraits: one of the ritual’s location, the other of the target location and a naturally created aperture large enough to accommodate Large or larger creatures",

	duration : "Permanent",

	description : "I create a spatial intersection between two planes, a natural point of travel between them.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin preparing the ritual, I must designate a general location with at least a 200-foot square of open space on another plane of existence. Doing so causes an aperture the same size as the one at the ritual’s location to form from the plane's natural landscape. Over the course of the ritual's preparation, I must engage in 24 hours of strenuous activity during which I must concentrate (as though concentrating on a spell) or the ritual fails. While I concentrate, I use my magic to carve a new passageway between the location where the ritual is being prepared and the target location on another plane. This passageway is unstable until the ritual is complete; if the ritual fails I can never prepare the ritual again at the same location nor target the same location on another plane. During the last hour of the ritual’s preparation, I must designate a general restriction that prevents certain creatures from using the crossroad once completed. This restriction is a magical password that only I know. I determine the nature and complexity of the password, which can only be learned by another creature if willingly taught by an individual who knows the password. The password need not be a literal password and may instead take other forms, such as an elaborate ceremony that must be performed at the ritual's location. Secondary casters can aid me by concentrating (as though concentrating on a spell) and engaging in strenuous activity. For every hour one or more secondary casters aid me in this manner, the preparation time of the ritual is reduced by 1 hour per caster, to a minimum of 8 hours.",

	ritual : true
}

SpellsList["stronghold of epic power"] = {

	name : "Stronghold of Epic Power",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*stronghold)(?=.*of)(?=.*epic)(?=.*power).*$/i,

	source : ["ELCR", 113],

	classes : [""],

	level : 3,

	school : "EpTrans",

	time : "1 year",

	range : "Special",

	components : "V,S,M\u2020,L",

	compMaterial : "500,000 gp worth of treasure, which the spell consumes to furnish the stronghold and a structure I rightfully own or have created, the total space of which must have a combined area of between a 120-foot cube and a 500-foot cube",

	duration : "Permanent",

	description : "I build a mighty structure that stands as a testament to my ability. The stronghold is a unique architectural wonder of my own design which serves as a base of operations for me and my allies.",

	descriptionFull : "When I begin preparing this ritual, I must bury a single platinum piece with my initials carved into it somewhere in the location's foundation. Over the course of the ritual's preparation, I must spend 8 hours of strenuous activity each day integrating the spell's material components into the ritual's location. This fashions a structure of extraordinary extravagance thematic to me, in addition to any properties the structure may have. During the last month of the ritual's preparation, I must finish a long rest within the ritual's location each day. On the final day of the ritual's preparation, I must finish an entire alcoholic beverage by yourself at the ritual's location as a form of celebration. If I cast this ritual again before the duration ends, the structure is destroyed. The ritual's location becomes a magical structure and is resistant to all damage. When I finish a long rest within it, the structure regains 100 HP. Additionally, the structure gains the following properties:\n   Enhanced Productivity: While within the structure, the time required to perform downtime activities is halved.\n   Hidden Refuge: Unless its location is common knowledge, the location of the structure cannot be divined by non-Epic magic, and non-Epic creatures cannot find the structure by any means unless I will it.\n   Lair Actions: While I'm in the structure, on initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), I can take a lair action to cause one of the following effects. I can't cause the same effect twice within 1 minute. If I already have a lair action feature, these actions become a part of that feature.\n     I magically teleport to any unoccupied space within the structure.\n     I magically summon a creature friendly to me in an unoccupied space I can see within the structure. The creature remains for 1 hour before being dismissed back to its place of origin, or until I take an action to dismiss it.\n     I instantly gain the benefits of finishing a short rest.\n   Sense Intruder: I become aware of the presence of any creature not friendly to me within the ritual’s area, in addition to its creature type and whether it is non-Epic, Epic, or Deific.",

	ritual : true
}

MagicItemsList["aegis of the eternal"] = {

	name : "Aegis of the Eternal",

	source : [["ELCR", 153], ["ELHH", 222]],

	type : "armor (plate)",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 25,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "Every warrior who dreams of armor that provides total protection against harm is inspired by legends of the relic known as the Aegis of the Eternal. Crafted by a trio of elven armor smiths in ages past, the relic is a testament to the might of the their once-unified people. High elf, wood elf, and dark elf combined their skills in magic and metallurgy to forge elegant armor for the Everqueen, beloved matriarch of all elves. Sadly, the relic could not protect their leader at all times, and the Everqueen was assassinated and the armor stolen, lost to history. Truly indestructible, no known force has even scratched the resplendent armor, which remains as pristine as the day it was forged. The armor is magnificent, its jade metal detailed with intricate arcane inscriptions written in Sylvan. When struck, the armor emits beautiful soft tones instead of the screeching sound of metal on metal.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Aegis of the Eternal Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 153], ["ELHH", 222]],
		popupName : "Aegis of the Eternal Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Indestructible: While wearing the armor, I'm immune to damage.\n   Perfect Fit: Once I have donned the armor, it cannot be removed by creatures other than me.\n   Resolute: While wearing the armor, if an effect moves me against my will in any manner other than falling, I may use my reaction to prevent that movement.\nTo become attuned to the relic, I must experience horrific punishment while wearing the armor. Each time I prevent damage from an Epic enemy creature, record that damage, up to a maximum of 500 damage per creature. After I have prevented 10,000 points of damage in this manner, I become attuned to the relic. While attuned, the relic gains the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   True Immortality: While wearing the armor, I cannot die.\n   Walking Fortress: While wearing the armor, I have total cover against everything outside the armor.\nBane: I cannot benefit from the effects of a short or long rest while wearing the relic. Additionally, donning or doffing the armor takes 8 hours of strenuous activity which cannot be reduced by any means.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["brand, the burning cataclysm"] = {

	name : "Brand, the Burning Cataclysm",

	source : [["ELCR", 153], ["ELHH", 222]],

	type : "weapon (longsword)",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 7,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "Forged in the core of the material plane by forces unknown, this weapon's intent is impossible to mistake. A destroyer of worlds, the sword grants apocalyptic power to any and all who wield it. Brand is an item of two parts: the sword and its sheath. The latter is crafted from wood of the world treant Yggdrasil, with a starmetal pattern ornately woven into the scabbard. The blade itself is over 3 feet long, curving gently and glowing white-hot as if fresh from the forge. At its hilt rests a single phoenix feather at the end of an adamantium chain, and its grip is bound in a hide of iridescent scales. The blade’s history is marked by tragedy and the shattered remains of dead worlds. Of all the relics known, it is the most feared, for its presence in the hands of any creature is a risk few worlds can afford.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Brand, the Burning Cataclysm Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 153], ["ELHH", 223]],
		popupName : "Brand, the Burning Cataclysm Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Cleaving Flame: As an action while I wield Brand, I send a superheated burst of flame at a target within 30 feet of me. The target must succeed on a DC 26 Dexterity saving throw or suffer 20d6 fire damage, or half as much on a success.\n   Consuming Blaze: Non-magical objects and structures damaged by Brand catch fire, burning at a rate of 100 cubic feet of material per turn, regardless of the object's or structure’s composition. This effect continues until the entire object or structure is destroyed.\n   Ignition: While Brand is drawn, all other creatures within 30 feet of me catch fire. When a creature on fire starts each of its turns, it takes fire damage equal its Constitution score. A creature burns from this flame until Brand is sheathed.\n   Scarification: Wounds inflicted by the relic leave permanent scars that glow with a red light.\n   Worldflame: While I hold Brand, fire damage I deal ignores resistance and immunity to fire damage and enemies cannot regain HP in response to fire damage dealt by me.\nBecoming attuned to the blade is an extraordinarily dangerous process. I must take Brand to a plane of existence and end all life upon it. This requires the death of at least one million of the plane's inhabitants by the relic. Using minions, armies, or other indirect methods are not acceptable. While attuned, Brand gains the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Apocalypse Caller: I cannot take damage from Brand or its effects.\n   Burning Strikes: Brand deals an additional 8d6 fire damage to any target it hits.\nAdditionally, Brand grants me the ability to destroy a plane of existence. As an action, I can thrust the sword into the ground. Brand then pours apocalyptic energy into the plane, instantly casting the Epic ritual apocalypse.\nBane: If Brand is unsheathed for more than 1 minute in a day, the blade magically escapes the wielder’s hand and instantly casts the Epic ritual apocalypse. When the ritual is in effect, Brand cannot be held and vanishes upon the ritual's conclusion. After vanishing in this manner, the relic reappears on the astral plane after 100 years.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["calligrapher's chromatic spellbrush"] = {

	name : "Calligrapher's Chromatic Spellbrush",

	source : [["ELCR", 154], ["ELHH", 223]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 2,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "Magic is a mysterious force. Whether explored through science, pacts with fell powers, or instinct, a devoted practitioner is bound by the methods of a particular craft. However, one spellcaster saw these various methods at work and was dismayed. Countless arcanists failed to grasp the true nature of magic. Its boundless forms and limitless power were to be admired and appreciated, not manipulated like some crude tool. Its various schools were gorgeous colors from which spells could paint illustrious wonders. The spellcaster sought to show fellow magic users this potential. The spellcaster poured skill, inspiration, and artistic creativity into everything, laboring day and night until magic itself took notice. In appreciation of effort to showcase its majesty, magic imbued a single paintbrush with extraordinary power. While the spellcaster died long ago, this legacy of labor lives on in the Calligrapher's Chromatic Spellbrush, a testament to the artistry of magic.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Calligrapher's Chromatic Spellbrush Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 154], ["ELHH", 223]],
		popupName : "Calligrapher's Chromatic Spellbrush Details",
		note : [
			"While unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Artistic Impulse: Immediately before you cast a spell, as a bonus action I may dip the brush in a jar of chromatic paint I'm carrying. Doing so grants the spell I'm about to cast special benefits according to the color of chromatic paint used, the effects of which are detailed in their respective descriptions. The benefits of the paint are lost if I fail to cast a spell immediately after applying the paint to the brush, and each effect lasts for the spell's duration.\n   Chromatic Paint: I can use the brush to mix specific ingredients to create a magical substance known as chromatic paint, which is used in conjunction with the relic's \"Artistic Impulse\" feature to augment spells. When I first hold the Spellbrush, I gain knowledge of the recipes for creating chromatic paint. Creating chromatic paint from available ingredients requires 1 hour of strenuous activity. There are seven different colors of paint, and each set of ingredients creates enough paint for five applications with the brush.\n   Tool of the Master: While I hold the brush, I may use it as a spellcasting focus. Additionally, I'm proficient with calligrapher's tools, and my proficiency bonus is doubled for any ability check I attempt using those tools.",
			"Molten Red\n   Ingredients: 5,000 gp worth of ruby dust, the scale of an ancient red dragon, molten lava\n   Effect: When I cast a spell benefiting from molten red paint, I gain a +3 bonus to spell attack rolls made with the spell, and its spell save DC increases by 3.",
			"Shimmering Orange\n   Ingredients: 5,000 gp worth of topaz dust, sap from a treant, wild bee honey\n   Effect: When I cast a spell with a duration of 1 minute or greater while benefiting from shimmering orange paint, the duration of the spell increases to 24 hours. If the spell's duration is greater than 24 hours, its duration increases to 1 year.",
			"Resonating Yellow\n   Ingredients: 5,000 gp worth of gold dust, cloud giant urine, candlewax\n   Effect: When I cast a Non-Epic spell benefiting from resonating yellow paint, the spell is cast as a 9th-level spell.",
			"Concealing Green\n   Ingredients: 5,000 gp worth of emerald dust, an earth elemental’s eye, a leaf from an oak tree more than five hundred years old\n   Effect: When I cast a spell benefiting from concealing green paint, the effects of the spell are invisible.",
			"Loquacious Blue\n   Ingredients: 5,000 gp worth of sapphire dust, coral from the sea floor, water from a drowned humanoid's lungs\n   Effect: When I cast a spell benefiting from loquacious blue paint, when the spell's duration ends all affected creatures forget the spell was ever cast, along with everything they experienced as a result of being affected by the spell.",
			"Scheming Indigo\n   Ingredients: 5,000 gp worth of opal dust, a one thousand-year-old piece of ice, a bottle of red wine\n   Effect: When I cast a spell benefiting from scheming indigo paint, the casting time of the spell increases by 1 hour and I cast the spell without the need for any verbal or somatic components. Over the course of this casting, it is impossible for other creatures to perceive by non-magical means that you are casting a spell.",
			"Shining Violet\n   Ingredients: 5,000 gp worth of crushed amethysts, ten purple tulip petals, molten glass\n   Effect: When I cast a spell benefiting from shining violet paint, the spell's range increases by 100 feet and I can target creatures I cannot perceive within range.",
			"To become attuned to the relic, I must paint a portrait of extraordinary quality using the magic of chromatic paint. The portrait requires at least one hundred applications of chromatic paint to complete and once finished, I become attuned to the relic. While attuned, the relic has the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Double Dipping: When I take a bonus action to apply chromatic paint to the brush using the Artistic Impulse feature, I may apply a second color of chromatic paint as a part of that bonus action.\n   Efficient Artisan: When I create a batch of chromatic paint, I'm able to create enough paint for ten applications instead of five.\n   Mysterious White Paint: I can create an additional special type of chromatic paint called mysterious white paint using the relic's \"Chromatic Paint\" feature.\n     Ingredients: 500,000 gp in powdered diamonds, an angel's soul, tea brewed for one hundred years\n     Effect: When I cast a spell benefitting from mysterious white paint, the spell’s effects and damage cannot be reduced or prevented in any way, I automatically hit with any spell attacks made with the spell, and creatures cannot succeed on saving throws against the spell.",
			"Bane: If the portrait I created to attune myself to the Spellbrush is destroyed, I immediately become unattuned to the relic. The portrait must be viewed by a creature who has never seen it before once per day, otherwise the Spellbrush is magically transported into the hands of a more selfless artist somewhere in the multiverse."
		]
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["deck of infinite wonders"] = {

	name : "Deck of Infinite Wonders",

	source : [["ELCR", 155], ["ELHH", 226]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 2,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "Appearing as a simple deck of fifty-four playing cards, this relic unleashes bizarre effects each time one of its mysterious cards is drawn. The backs of the cards are inlaid with gold leaf, while the picture on each of the face cards is a different dragon detailed with glistening metallic paint. The Deck of Infinite Wonders is an item of terrifying randomness and staggering power. Only the extraordinarily brave, lucky, or foolhardy dare draw its cards, and more than one Epic hero has met an end from an unlucky hand. It is theorized the deck was formed over the centuries, passed between various card sharks, con artists, grifters, cheats, and gamblers. Each time it changed hands, the deck’s history and legend grew, until finally it was used in a high-stakes game of hearts between gods. The participants and result of the game is unknown, but the deck emerged endowed with godlike power and a legendary reputation.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Deck of Infinite Wonders Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 155], ["ELHH", 226]],
		popupName : "Deck of Infinite Wonders Details",
		note : [
			"While unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Dangerous Game: The deck can be used as a weapon by throwing the cards. Throwing a card from the deck is a ranged weapon attack, and you have a +5 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with the cards. The cards are simple magical weapons that have the following weapon properties: ammunition, light, thrown (20/60 ft).\n   Fair Game: The deck is honorable, demanding those that tempt fate suffer with dignity. Creatures that attempt to manipulate the probability of drawing cards from the deck in any way, such as through magic, cheating, or sleight of hand, immediately suffer the relic's bane.\n   Faithful Cards: If cards from the deck are lost or scattered for more than 1 minute they magically reappear in the deck.\n   Game of Dragons: All of the deck’s face cards (jacks, queens, kings, jokers) are replaced with cards featuring dragons instead of their usual iconography. All cards still adhere to the same suit and value as their normal counterparts. When the deck is used to play a single round of the card game hearts, the round’s victor can immediately declare a \"day of the dragon\" and shuffle the deck. The victor then draws a single card from the deck, causing that card’s effect according to the Day of the Dragon Effect column of the Game of Dragons table. Failure to draw after declaring a day of the dragon causes the victor to immediately suffer the relic’s bane. All of the card’s effects are permanent unless stated otherwise and occur immediately as detailed in the Day of the Dragon Effect column of the Game of Dragons table. Once a card has been drawn, it is reshuffled into the deck once the day of the dragon has ended. Additionally, each other creature that played in the game may immediately draw a single card from the deck, incurring its corresponding effect. Players other than the victor do not incur the relic's bane if they choose not to draw. Once each participating creature has drawn a single card or the victor does not declare a day of the dragon, this feature cannot be used again for a period of 1 year.",
			"Playing Card                 Dragon Equivalent        Effect",
			"Jack of Hearts               Silver Dragon            A race of tiny humanoids is created in my image. The humanoid civilization comes into existence on an object in my possession (determined by the DM) and is destroyed if the object is destroyed. The civilization advances quickly, looking to me for guidance and protection. If the civilization survives for 1 year, it vanishes into another dimension and I gain 1 Epic level.",
			"Queen of Hearts              Gold Dragon              I learn the location of a vast treasure worth at least 1 million gp not known to any other creature.",
			"King of Hearts               Platinum Dragon          An ability score of my choice becomes 30. If I ever knowingly perform an act of evil, that ability score becomes 1.",
			"Jack of Spades               Blue Dragon              Non-Epic creatures are always frightened of me and will not willingly cooperate with me unless coerced.",
			"Queen of Spades              Chromatic Dragon Queen   Me and each creature within 30 feet of me when you draw this card become cursed with an Epic curse. While cursed, I cannot gain Epic levels until I perform an act of evil in service to an evil deity of the DM's choice. The nature of the act is determined by the deity, and performing the act removes the curse.",
			"King of Spades               Red Dragon               A dark prophecy becomes known to the world at large, foretelling apocalyptic destruction if I do not willingly sacrifice myself. One year after I draw the card, a cataclysm of epic proportions occurs on my home plane, killing millions. The nature of the cataclysm is determined by the DM, and can be prevented if I take my own life before it occurs and remain dead for 100 years. If any force brings me back to life before 100 years have elapsed, the cataclysm begins immediately.",
			"Jack of Diamonds             Copper Dragon            I begin an epic game of tag between me and every Epic creature within 30 feet of me when I draw this card. The game lasts for 1 year, at the end of which any participants who are not \"it\" gain an Epic feat of their choice.",
			"Queen of Diamonds            Brass Dragon             Everything I've ever done, experienced, and learned is written down in a book which appears in front of me. This book is an artifact that can read by a non-Epic humanoid without any class levels for an extraordinary benefit. Reading the book takes 1 uninterrupted year of study during which the humanoid must spend 8 hours of strenuous activity each day learning everything there is to know about me. At the end of that year the humanoid gains 20 levels in a non-Epic core class in which I also have levels. After this effect has occurred or 1 year has passed, the book fades from existence.",
			"King of Diamonds             Bronze Dragon            A new star appears in the sky and shines for a period of 1 year. While I can see the star, I have Epic Advantage on all saving throws, attack rolls, and ability checks.",
			"Jack of Clubs                White Dragon             I'm afflicted with an overpowering ravenous hunger for a period of 1 year. During this time, I attempt to consume the corpses of my fallen enemies at the first available opportunity, regardless of composition.",
			"Queen of Clubs               Black Dragon             A twin identical to you in every way appears somewhere on your plane of existence. The twin's alignment is opposite to mine and seeks my destruction. The creature cannot be persuaded otherwise by any means and does everything in its power to permanently end my existence.",
			"King of Clubs                Green Dragon             All my worldly possessions other than the deck vanish and appear in the hands of my most powerful enemy.",
			"Joker                        Faerie Dragon            When I draw this card, I must flip it as though it were a coin. One year after drawing the card, an Epic effect of the DM’s design occurs. If the card landed heads when it was flipped, the effect is beneficial to me and my allies. If the card landed tails when it was flipped, the effect is harmful to me and my allies.",
			"Ace (Spades and Clubs)       None                     One allied Epic creature of my choice within 30 feet of me dies instantly. If the creature is returned to life, it cannot be considered an ally of mine for a period of 1 year.",
			"8-10 (Spades and Clubs)      None                     My HP maximum is reduced by 100 for a period of 1 year. If this effect reduces my HP maximum to 0, I die and cannot be restored to life by non-Deific means.",
			"5-7 (Spades and Clubs)       None                     For a period of 1 year, attacks against me score a critical hit on a 15–20.",
			"2-4 (Spades and Clubs)       None                     For a period of 1 year, I must pay double the price for all purchases, components, and other expenses.",
			"Ace (Diamonds and Hearts)    None                     A single non-mythic creature of your choice becomes friendly toward you. Its nature changes according to my desires as I choose new motivations, alignment, and personality traits for it.",
			"8-10 (Diamonds and Hearts)   None                     The next time I'm slain, my soul rests in an existing afterlife of my choosing.",
			"5-7 (Diamonds and Hearts)    None                     A mystical key appears in my possession. I can press the key to any locked door or portal and open it automatically. Once this feature has been used or 1 year passes, the key vanishes.",
			"2-4 (Diamonds and Hearts)    None                     I immediately make a wish as though I had instantly cast the wish spell. I do not suffer any stress effects from casting the spell.",
			"To become attuned to the relic, I must win seven games of hearts with the deck, after each of which I declare a day of the dragon. Twenty-four hours after I declare my seventh day of the dragon and draw a card, I become attuned to the relic. While attuned, the relic has the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Luck of the Draw: Once per day when I draw a card from the deck during a day of the dragon, I may choose to prevent that card's effect from occurring and shuffle the card back into the deck. I must then immediately draw another card or suffer the relic's bane.\n   Master of Games: Instead of playing hearts to declare a day of the dragon, I can choose to play another card game I know that utilizes all fifty-four cards of the deck. The game must have a single victor and involve at least four players. The winner of the game can declare a day of the dragon per the Game of Dragons feature.",
			"Bane: When relic's bane occurs, the deck magically appears before the offending creature in a storm of swirling cards. From the storm, three cards emerge and present themselves face down before the creature, who must then choose one to flip over, suffering the effect as though it had drawn the card during a day of the dragon. The cards from this selection are always from the clubs or spades suits. If the creature does not immediately flip one of the three cards, all three cards flip over to reveal their faces, and the creature suffers the effects of each card."
		]
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["dreamcatcher"] = {

	name : "Dreamcatcher",

	source : [["ELCR", 155], ["ELHH", 229]],

	type : "ring",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "A band of iridescent rainbow metal, the substance and shape of this peculiar ring is unnatural and disconnected from the world around it. Known only as Dreamcatcher, this relic has the power to create fantastical realities from one’s own imagination. These experiences take the form of particularly lucid dreams in which a creature and its companions can have fantastical adventures in the mysterious realm of dreams. Those who have experienced the wonderous magic of Dreamcatcher are forever changed, awed and enchanted by their bizarre adventures with limitless possibilities. It is believed that Dreamcatcher is a concentrated fragment of the realm of dreams, existing in reality through powerful magic. Why and how this is possible remains a mystery, but the relic is sought by all manner of creatures who wish to test the limits of their ambitions and desires.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Dreamcatcher Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 155], ["ELHH", 229]],
		popupName : "Dreamcatcher Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Dream Magic: While I wear Dreamcatcher, I'm always under the effects of the dreamscape Epic spell.\n   Dreamwalker: While wearing the ring, when I begin a long rest, I may choose to project my mind into the realm of dreams, a strange plane formed from the minds of dreaming mortals. I can remain on the plane for as long as I like, but you gain no benefits from resting while I do so. When I enter the realm of dreams, I may bring the minds of up to five other unconscious creatures within 50 feet of me. While on the plane, a creature's body is left behind and remains unconscious for as long as it remains on the plane. It's mind forms a new body, identical to its physical body, from the material of the realm of dreams, including any equipment it was wearing at the time. However, when I enter the realm of dreams, the relic disappears from my material body and appears on my new form. If I remove Dreamcatcher while in the realm of dreams, the relic’s bane immediately occurs. Inside the realm of dreams, time passes at one-seventh its normal rate and reality can be manipulated at will. The plane is typically a mass of unformed material called somnium which appears as glowing ethereal matter. In its natural state, somnium is a fluid through which creatures can travel safely by swimming. There are few natural features on the realm of dreams. Moving about the plane, one may be able to find other dreamers who, whether by accident or by choice, have made their way to plane. Only the most powerful of such creatures are aware that what they are experiencing is another plane of existence and not just a dream. Occasionally, one may encounter an area of deep sleep, super-dense sections of the plane that inherently form around dreaming creatures from their subconscious minds. These areas are often bizarre and surreal, reflecting twisted perspectives driven by partially formed thoughts. Even more rare are nightmare zones, which are detailed in the relic’s bane. In its natural state, somnium cannot be shaped by creatures not native to the realm of dreams outside of areas of deep sleep. However, while I wear Dreamcatcher, I may influence the unformed somnium around you in a 300 ft. radius to take the form of any terrain, objects (including magic items, but not relics), or structures I desire. I cannot change the nature of somnium that has already been shaped, whether by me or other creatures. This transformation occurs at a rate of my choice, and any formed material that leaves the area instantly reverts back to somnium. Additionally, as an action, I can form a creature I have encountered before from somnium. The creature has the same statistics, personality, and properties as the real version I encountered but is not aware of its true nature. Few things that occur in the realm of dreams are permanent. Death, mutilation, or other harmful effects immediately end when I return to the waking world. This allows the plane to simulate various magical effects, battles, or other encounters without any actual risk. However, I cannot retain any benefits, other than the memory of your experiences, gained in the realm of dreams, such as class levels, spells, or other features. A creature's mind leaves the plane when it is slain or if its material body is awoken. Once I have used this feature to enter the realm of dreams, I cannot do so again for a period of 1 week.\nAttuning oneself to Dreamcatcher involves living a life caught between the realm of dreams and the waking world. After I have spent a year in the realm of dreams (using time as it passes in that plane), I become attuned to Dreamcatcher. While attuned the relic has the following properties, in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Dream Manifestation: When I leave the realm of dreams, I can choose to take my creations fashioned from somnium into the waking world. Each object, creature, structure, and terrain feature within 300 feet of me when me leave the plane appears in the material world in a 300 foot radius around my material body, permanently changing the nature of reality within the area. If any of the creations are removed from the area, they instantly fade into nothingness. Once I have used this feature, I must wait 1 year before I can use it again.\n   Wonderous Incarceration: While wearing the ring, as an action, I can force a creature within 300 feet of me to succeed on a DC 35 Wisdom saving throw or become unconscious and have its mind pulled into the realm of dreams. The creature appears in an area of deep sleep and remains there until it is awakened. Each time the creature would awaken (such as from taking damage or getting slapped), it must succeed on a DC 35 Constitution saving throw or fail to awaken.\nBane: The realm of dreams has one true hazard, known as nightmare zones. These sections of the plane are areas of raw terror that destroy the minds of those exploring the realm of dreams. This danger is compounded by the fact that nightmare zones are difficult to detect until it is too late. I can only suffer the relic's bane while in the realm of dreams, and each time I use the relic's Dreamwalker feature to journey to the plane, there is a 5% chance the bane will occur. When the bane occurs, the area within a 1 mile radius of me becomes a nightmare zone. A creature that is slain in a nightmare zone instantly experiences death in the material world. Every hour a creature spends in a nightmare zone, the DM secretly attempts a DC 35 Intelligence saving throw for that creature. On a success, the creature realizes that something is amiss; the somnium around the creature becomes a sickly purple, and sinister and dangerous creations appear. On a failure, a creature assumes any odd activity is due to the mystical nature of the plane. Additionally, dangerous creatures, terrain, or objects may appear spontaneously in a nightmare zone. These creations are always powerful enough to threaten creatures in the zone and can be absurd creations of nonsensical power. The nature and strength of a nightmare zone is at the DM's discretion, but legends tell of particularly dense zones of terrifying power, manifesting horrors beyond anything seen in the material world.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["enigma of nyarlathotep"] = {

	name : "Enigma of Nyarlathotep",

	source : [["ELCR", 158], ["ELHH", 230]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 4,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "Worlds tremble before the power of the Great Old Ones. Their power is at best Deific, and at worse far greater. Thankfully, these beings have little cause to affect the sane universe, choosing to dwell in realms outside conception. But there is one among them who has taken a keen interest in the affairs of lesser creatures, the enigmatic and mischievous Nyarlathotep. This Great Old One walked the mortal worlds, reveling in its reality-shattering power. Through titanic effort Nyarlathotep was banished from the universe, a struggle that claimed the sanity of millions. In the wake of the battle, a most unusual device was discovered: a puzzle box covered in iconography of the Great Old Ones, whose purpose and power are complete mysteries. Many have tried to solve the puzzle box, and all have failed. Its maddening properties are intolerable to the sound of mind, and the Enigma of Nyarlathotep is impossible to quarantine, appearing in possession of random creatures throughout the planes. The box is a 1-foot cube fashioned from purple metal that appears to undulate when exposed to dim light. Four of the box's faces display eldritch iconography waxing maddening poetry about the power of the Great Old Ones. The fifth face is a mysterious puzzle in honor of the Great Old Ones. The sixth face is a combination dial for a number with six digits, with a poem written in Common inscribed above the tumblers.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Enigma of Nyarlathotep Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 158], ["ELHH", 231]],
		popupName : "Enigma of Nyarlathotep Details, part 1",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Dark Obession: When I attempt to solve the puzzle box, I must hold the relic in my bare hands.\n   Eldritch Communion: While holding the relic, I can communicate directly with any Great Old One I'm aware of as though I were in its presence. Doing so does not guarantee the Great Old One will respond or interact with me in any way, and I perceive the Great Old One I'm addressing as though it were within 5 feet of me. If my Wisdom score is 20 or less when I use this feature, I immediately suffer the relic's bane.\n   It Must Be Watched: If a sane creature does hold the relic in person at least once per day, it mysteriously vanishes. It then appears in possession of another creature chosen by the Great Old Ones within 1d20 days.\n   Language of Madness: If the puzzle box is in my possession, I can perfectly understand and communicate with creatures suffering from Epic Madness.\nTo become attuned to the relic I must solve the puzzles present on the fifth and sixth sides of the box. The puzzles and their solutions are detailed later. While attuned, the relic has the following properties, in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Invoke the Great Old Ones: While I hold the puzzle box, as an action I can entreat one of the nine Great Old Ones whose symbol appears on the puzzle box. When I do so, the Great Old One intervenes on my behalf, allowing me to instantly cast a mighty Epic Spell according to which Great Old One I entreat. These spells are Deific effects, do not require any components or concentration to maintain their effects, are always cast as Tier 3 Epic Spells, and cannot be countered, dispelled, or prevented by any known means. The spell save DC for these effects (when applicable) is always 35. Once I have used this feature twice within 8 hours, I immediately suffer the relic's bane.\n     Nyarlathotep: crimson winds of havoc\n     Shub-Niggurath – transmogrification\n     Cthulhu – dreamscape\n     Yog-Sothoth – night terror\n     Hastur – infinity room\n     Tuzlscha – pyroclastic cannon\n     Chaugnar Faugn – soul harvest\n     Dagon – phenomenal cosmic power\n     Azathoth – sphere of ultimate destruction\n   Spreading Madness: When I work with the puzzle box for 1 hour, each creature of my choice in a 300 foot radius centered on me can choose to lose one or more levels of the Epic Madness condition (see the relic's \"Bane\" section). However, each level of Epic Madness lost in this manner must then be gained by another creature in the area. I decided which creatures in the area gain these levels of Epic Madness, and a single creature cannot gain more than six levels of Epic Madness in this manner.\nBane: The power of the Great Old Ones is dangerous and madness inducing. When I use the relic, I'm closer to the minds of these alien entities than any sane creature ought to be. This can inflict a unique condition called Epic Madness, which is measured in six levels. When a creature suffers the relic's bane, it gains a level of Epic Madness. At the DM's discretion, other interactions with the relic can inflict levels of Epic madness, such as looking at the relic too long, attempting to damage it, or hiding it away from the world. Epic Madness is a special condition which cannot be removed by non-Deific means. If a creature would be immune to the Epic Madness condition, it is instead not immune. A creature suffers the effect of its current level of Epic Madness as well as all lower levels. Abilities, effects, or spells that would remove Epic Madness instead reduce its level by one. All Epic Madness effects end if a creature's Epic Madness level is reduced below one.\n   Level   Effect\n   1       The affected creature cannot communicate coherently with other creatures, instead uttering insane babble.\n   2       When the affected creature takes damage, it must immediately take its reaction (if available) to have a brief seizure.\n   3       The affected creature cannot consider other creatures allies.\n   4       The affected creature cannot understand sane creatures.\n   5       The affected creature automatically fails Wisdom saving throws.\n   6       The affected creature cannot take actions unless a Great Old One directly allows it.",
	}, {
		name : "Enigma of Nyarlathotep Details",
		source : ["ELCR", 158],
		popupName : "Enigma of Nyarlathotep Details, part 2",
		note : [
			"Fifth-Side Puzzle: Mindwarper: This side of the puzzle box has a 9 inch by 9 inch grid carved into its surface, with select squares filled with strange eldritch symbols. Additionally, nine different eldritch symbols are detailed below the grid in a specific order, all of which are identical to at least some of the symbols already present in the grid. While holding the box, touching empty squares on the grid causes one of the nine symbols of my choice to appear in that square and remain there until changed or if I will them to disappear.",
			"Nyarlathotep   None          None             None          None     None          None             None             None",
			"None           None          Shub-Niggurath   Tulzscha      None     None          None             None             None",
			"None           Cthulhu       None             None          Hastur   None          Chaugnar Faugn   None             None",
			"None           Yog-Sothoth   None             None          None     Cthulhu       None             None             None",
			"None           None          None             None          Dagon    Yog-Sothoth   Cthulhu          None             None",
			"None           None          None             Azathoth      None     None          None             Shub-Niggurath   None",
			"None           None          Azathoth         None          None     None          None             Tulzscha         Nyarlathotep",
			"None           None          Nyarlathotep     Yog-Sothoth   None     None          None             Azathoth         None",
			"None           Hastur        None             None          None     None          Dagon            None             None",
			"Sixth-Side Puzzle: Measure of Power: This side of the puzzle box has six small disks which can be rotated independently of one another. On the tumblers are carved the numbers zero through nine, creating a combination lock. By aligning numbers on the disks, I'm able to create a six-number sequence (one number from each disk), using any combination of the numbers from each disk. Additionally, this side of the box shows a single poem inscribed in Common.\n   Know our power, mortal minds\n   Whose strength is measured in our names\n   With syllables that turn and wind\n   Their summary, our lyric's games\n   Compounded by our order's count\n   Combined is madness yet untold\n   Until Azathoth's great form is crowned\n   And brings us glory a thousandfold"
		]
	}, {
		name : "Enigma of Nyarlathotep Details",
		source : ["ELCR", 159],
		popupName : "Enigma of Nyarlathotep Details, part 3",
		note : [
			"Mindwarper Details: Each of the nine eldritch symbols is a sign corresponding to a Great Old One. They are presented in the Great Old Ones table in the order in which their symbols appear beneath the grid. If I'm familiar with the math puzzle sudoku, this system is identical, but uses symbols instead of numbers. Each square on the grid can contain only a single symbol, and the grid is divided into nine blocks, each containing nine squares. To solve the puzzle, each of the nine blocks must contain one of each eldritch symbol within its squares. Additionally, each symbol can only appear once in a single row or column throughout the entire grid. The puzzle is solved when the grid is completely filled with symbols and does not violate any of the aforementioned parameters. Characters attempting to solve the puzzle require 8 hours of strenuous activity in which they do nothing else. When a player's character attempts to solve the puzzle in this manner, the DM gives all players whose characters are attempting to solve the puzzle a number of minutes in real time equal to the combined value of their characters' Intelligence scores divided by the number of characters. This time must be spent attempting to solve the puzzle using only a pen, paper, and coordination between the players. A DM may award or remove time for this process based on any advantages, disadvantages, experience, or other factors influencing the characters attempting to solve the puzzle. When a character attempts to solve this puzzle, the relic's Eldritch Communion feature allows for one of the nine Great Old Ones whose symbols appear on the puzzle to communicate with the player. The Great Old One may offer assistance and fill in one of the squares that its symbol would occupy when the puzzle is correctly solved (see the puzzle's solution below for details). A character who accepts this offer immediately suffers the relic's bane.",
			"Nyarlathotep     Azathoth         Chaugnar Faugn   Cthulhu          Yog-Sothoth      Shub-Niggurath    Tulzscha         Dagon            Hastur",
			"Hastur           Dagon            Shub-Niggurath   Tulzscha         Nyarlathotep     Chaugnar Faugn    Azathoth         Cthulhu          Yog-Sothoth",
			"Tulzscha         Cthulhu          Yog-Sothoth      Dagon            Hastur           Azathoth          Chaugnar Faugn   Nyarlathotep     Shub-Niggurath",
			"Azathoth         Yog-Sothoth      Dagon            Chaugnar Faugn   Shub-Niggurath   Cthulhu           Nyarlathotep     Hastur           Tulzscha",
			"Shub-Niggurath   Tulzscha         Hastur           Nyarlathotep     Dagon            Yog-Sothoth       Cthulhu          Chaugnar Faugn   Azathoth",
			"Chaugnar Faugn   Nyarlathotep     Cthulhu          Azathoth         Tulzscha         Hastur            Yog-Sothoth      Shub-Niggurath   Dagon",
			"Yog-Sothoth      Chaugnar Faugh   Azathoth         Hastur           Cthulhu          Dagon             Shub-Niggurath   Tulzscha         Nyarlathotep",
			"Dagon            Shub-Niggurath   Nyarlathotep     Yog-Sothoth      Chaugnar Faugn   Tulzscha          Hastur           Azathoth         Cthulhu",
			"Cthulhu          Hastur           Tulzscha         Shub-Niggurath   None             Azathoth          Dagon            Yog-Sothoth      Chaugnar Faugn",
			"Measure of Power Details: This puzzle can only be solved by aligning the disks to form the appropriate six-digit number. The poem provides hints as to how to generate this number, a process that takes several steps. Attempting to solve the puzzle without knowing the answer (such as by flipping through random numbers hoping to get the solution) automatically fails. The following steps explain how to solve the puzzle and come to the correct code: 120000.\n   Step 1: Identifying the Great Old One’s \"Power\": The \"power\" in the poem refers to a number that can be determined by examining each of the Great Old One's names. The phrase \"with syllables that turn and wind\" refers to the number of syllables in each Great Old One's name. \"Their summary, our lyric's games\" instructs the reader to add the number of syllables together to create a value for that Great Old One, its \"power\". Each of the Great Old One's powers are detailed in the Power column of the Measure of Power Solution table. Note that these powers are not meant to be literal comparisons of power, simply figures.",
			"Great Old One    Power   Count   Compound",
			"Nyarlathotep       5       1         5",
			"Shub-Niggurath     4       2         8",
			"Cthulhu            3       3         9",
			"Yog-Sothoth        3       4        12",
			"Hastur             2       5        10",
			"Tulzscha           2       6        12",
			"Chaugnar Faugn     3       7        21",
			"Dagon              2       8        16",
			"Azathoth           3       9        27",
			"\n   Step 2: Combining the Value: This section of the poem asks that the reader then compound the \"power\" of each Great Old One in the order presented in the Mindwarper puzzle below the grid. The count of each Great Old One is detailed in the Count column of the Measure of Power Solution table, which is then multiplied by the respective power. This value is detailed in the Compound Column of the Measure of Power Solution table. With these compound values, the poem then asks the reader to combine them together before proceeding to the next step of the puzzle. The combined value of all of these numbers is 120 (5 + 8 + 9 + 12 + 10 + 12 + 21 + 16 + 27).\n   Step 3: Azathoth's Influence: Now that we have a combined value, all that remains is to follow the poem's instructions and multiply 120 by 1,000 to reach a total of 120,000."
		]
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["forge of creation"] = {

	name : "Forge of Creation",

	source : ["ELHH", 234],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 10,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "It is the deepest desire of every artisan to see their dreams brought to life. To envision an impossible artwork and see it made real. Those who hold this ambition whisper in reverence of a relic known as the Forge of Creation. It is said that with a single swing of this mythical maul, the wielder can will anything into existence. These legends are likely true, for this relic is the product of the ultimate sacrifice made for one’s craft. An ancient deity of art and artifice sacrificed every ounce of their divine essence to fashion the ultimate tool for the creative soul. The resulting Forge of Creation is an ornate maul cast from a single piece of an unknown metal. Its head glows with the divine power of a mighty deity, shedding an orange light akin to that of a forge. Each end of the maul is tipped with strange implements designed to channel incalculable power into solid matter. No eye could mistake this weapon for anything other than a force wielding the primordial powers of creation from when the multiverse was formed.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Forge of Creation Details",
		source : ["ELHH", 234],
		popupName : "Forge of Creation Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Artfice Affinity: When I score a hit with the relic against a construct, it deals an additional 10d8 arcane damage. Alternatively, I may forgo making an attack with the relic to instead cause a friendly construct within reach to regain 10d8 HP.\n   Flawless Repair: I may strike an object or structure, or a magic item of legendary quality or lower not being worn or carried by an enemy creature and immediately restore it to its HP maximum. You may also use this feature to strike the remains of a destroyed target, restoring it to its original form at half its HP maximum.\n   Tool of Creation: As an action while I hold the relic, I may perform one of the following options. Once I have used one of these options, I cannot use that option again until 1 month has passed.\n     True Fabrication: I may strike valuable materials within reach worth at least 1 gp. When I do so, I may transform that collection of valuable materials into a magic item, non-magical object, or non-magical structure that already exists, which immediately appears in a flash of light in the nearest unoccupied space. The gold piece value of the materials I strike in this manner affect the nature of what I can create, as detailed in the Forge of Creation table detailed in this section. However, nothing I create in this manner can be worth more than the gold piece value of the materials used to create it. Additionally, this effect fails if I attempt to create something that would not fit in any unoccupied spaces within 1,000 feet of me.\n     GP Value     Magical Item Rarity   Structure Maximum Size\n     100 gp       common             10 ft. cube\n     2,000 gp     uncommon           30 ft. cube\n     10,000 gp    rare                50 ft. cube\n     50,000 gp    very rare          100 ft. cube\n     100,000 gp   legendary          500 ft. cube\n     200,000 gp   extraordinary      1,000 ft. cube\n     200,000 gp   extraordinary      1,000 ft. cube\n     Utter Unmaking: I may strike a nonmagical object or structure, or magic item not being worn or carried with a rarity of legendary or lower, destroying it utterly.\nAttunement: Becoming attuned to the relic requires you to create a masterpiece of both art and artifice without the aid of the relic, which proves you are worthy of wielding it. What constitutes a masterpiece is determined by the DM, but a magic item, art object, or structure worth no less than 200,000 gp is a good starting point. Additionally, the masterpiece must be one of great personal and creative significance to you, representing the pinnacle of your artistic ability and self-expression. While attuned, the relic has the following properties, in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Supreme Tools of Creation: When I use the relic’s Tools of Creation feature, I need only finish a long rest before I can use it again. Additionally, it gains the following option:\n   Relic Reforging: I may strike a relic within reach. If the relic is being held or worn by an unwilling creature, you must make a melee weapon attack against the creature’s AC or I miss the relic and the effect fails. On a hit I may cause one of the following effects:\n     Destroy both the target relic and the Forge of Creation, reducing them both to dust. When this effect occurs, the sound of the blow can be heard throughout the multiverse.\n     Suppress one of the target relic’s properties of my choice for 1 year. This effect ends early if I use this option again.\n     Force any creatures attuned to the target relic to become unattuned instead.\nBane: The Forge of Creation was made to be a tool for creating beauty and art for its own sake. Even when used destructively, the relic’s power creates dazzling magical displays of color that transform every act of unmaking into performance art. To that end, I can never wield any magic item created by the relic, nor can I use any object or enter any structure created by its power. If I do so, the relic immediately vanishes from my possession to a place where it is destined to be found by a great artist other than me.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["last chance"] = {

	name : "Last Chance",

	source : ["ELHH", 235],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 2,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "A mysterious object from a reality outside the known multiverse, the Last Chance is a seemingly humble twenty-sided die cut from a flawless, impossibly rare gemstone known as a fallen star. Each face is cut with the numerals one through twenty and inked in fathomless black pigment. None know where the relic comes from, only that it has the power to alter reality in a manner that defies all explanation and understanding. It is believed the Last Chance hails from a meta-reality that governs this one, twisting the hands of fate through the incomprehensible whims of mysterious beings obsessed with the thrill of random chance. When rolled, the Last Chance flashes with multicolored light, projecting images of possible events and potential futures of the world around it.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Last Chance Details",
		source : ["ELHH", 236],
		popupName : "Last Chance Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Arithmetic Stone: When I make an attack roll, saving throw, or ability check, I can choose to invoke the meta-reality altering powers of the relic to instead make the roll using the Last Chance. When I do so, I add a +10 bonus to the result of the roll. Once I have used this feature, I cannot use it again until I finish a short or long rest.\n   Meta-Material: As a player, choose one d20 I own to be the Last Chance. Whenever I would use one of the relic’s features to roll a d20, I must roll it using the Last Chance. When rolling the Last Chance, if the die I chose is my favorite or one I have owned for 1 month or longer, I have Epic Advantage on any rolls made using the Last Chance (including any rolls made using the meta-representation of the relic). If I ever misplace or fail to provide this representation of the Last Chance while the relic is in my character’s possession, my character immediately suffers the relic's bane.\n   Reality Revision: When I first touch the Last Chance, I immediately roll a d20 and record the result, displaying it to my DM for as long as I possess the relic. When the DM rolls any d20, I can choose to replace the result of that roll with the result of the Last Chance. Additionally, any successes or failures resulting from this roll cannot have their outcome changed by any means. Once I have used this property, I must finish a short or long rest before you can use it again. When this effect occurs, I immediately roll the Last Chance again and record the result to be used in the manner detailed in the previous paragraph. However, if I roll a number I have already rolled with the Last Chance, I instead roll the closest number I have not rolled (choosing the lower number in the event that the two numbers are equally close).\nAttunement: Becoming attuned to the relic involves interacting with the meta-reality from which the Last Chance hails. When I finish a long rest, I may roll the Last Chance. On a roll of 20, I become attuned to the relic. However, the meta-nature of the relic allows me to twist the odds in myy favor. When I roll the Last Chance in this manner, I may roll any number of additional d20s that are given or loaned to me by my fellow players, to a maximum of one additional d20 per player, and pick the highest roll to be my result. While attuned, the relic has the following properties, in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Called Shot: Once each round, immediately before I roll the Last Chance when making an attack roll, saving throw, or ability check, I can call the roll and predict the result. If my prediction is correct, I gain an additional turn immediately after the current turn. Once I have benefited from this feature, I cannot benefit from it again until I finish a long rest.\n   Favored Dice: I choose one d4, one d6, one d8, one d10, and one d12 that I own to be imbued with the power of the Last Chance. When I would roll one of these dice in a manner that is not a damage roll, I may instead roll it twice and choose the higher result. If I would roll one of these dice to make a damage roll, I may choose to have all the damage roll's dice results be the result of the favored die. For example, if I would roll 6d6 and my favored die rolls a 5, you could choose for every roll of that 6d6 to be 5, for a total of 30 damage.\nBane: The Last Chance has a strange relationship with the 1 side of the die. If I roll the Last Chance and roll a 1, I become permanently afflicted with a Deific curse and the Last Chance vanishes from my possession, reappearing in a random location in the multiverse within 1d20 years. While cursed in this manner, if I would roll a 19 or lower on an attack roll, saving throw, or ability check, you instead roll a 1. This curse ends if I roll a 20 on an attack roll, saving throw, or ability check against an enemy mythic creature.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["legacy of wrath"] = {

	name : "Legacy of Wrath",

	source : [["ELCR", 161], ["ELHH", 237]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "Forged by an ancient race, the Legacy of Wrath is all that remains of a once-mighty people from a time when the world was young. This amulet of imbued steel comprises two parts, a chain inscribed with arcane inscriptions of transmutation magic and a glass sphere pendant containing a swirling mass of iridescent ink, sparkling in its container. This ink slowly leaks into the wearer’s skin the longer the amulet it is worn, forming intricate tattoos of the same strange symbols. Called the atharan, the makers of the relic were a race of beauty and power. As a final act before vanishing from the world, they forged the Legacy of Wrath to one day bring their people back from extinction. One of the first mortal races to walk the planes, the atharan were favored by the gods for their extraordinary abilities and magnificent culture. At some point their glorious society erred and was smote by divine wrath so extreme as to obliterate all record of their existence. Why this would be done remains a source of great speculation and concern about the relic's use. The Legacy of Wrath grants the wearer the power of the atharan through a slow and painful transformation, bringing their race back from extinction.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Legacy of Wrath Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 161], ["ELHH", 237]],
		popupName : "Legacy of Wrath Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Astral Shifting: When I spend movement to move, instead of my normal movement, I may choose to magically teleport 5 feet for every 5 feet of movement I expend.\n   Epic Language: I can read and write the Epic language Atharasil.\n   Imbued Attacks: My attacks are magical, and if my weapon attacks would have a bonus to their attack and damage rolls lower than +3, they instead have a +3 bonus.\n   Perfection of Form: When I first put on the amulet, I must designate a single ability score of my choice as my perfection score. Once per round, when I would fail an ability check or saving throw using that score, I may choose to succeed instead. Once I have designated an ability score as my perfection score, it is always that ability score whenever I wear the amulet.\nBecoming attuned to the relic is a painful and arduous process. As the magical tattoos snake across my skin, when I take a rest I experience visions of the atharan's ancient society. These visions become clearer with each passing day, and after 1 year show me the location of a secret dungeon fashioned eons ago. I'm unable to communicate or record what I see in the visions in any way. If I remove the amulet during this process, I forget everything I saw in the visions and must begin the process anew. The dungeon was intended save the atharan and was hidden from even the gods. At the heart of this dungeon, past layers of monsters, traps, and magical protections, is a single inscription carved into a wall of mithral. Appearing as a combination of intricate constellations, the visions never show the inscription in enough detail to be read; I instinctively sense that should I read the passage, I could unlock the relic's full power. Any attempt to communicate with others about the visions automatically fails. If I read the passage seen in my vision in person, I become attuned to the relic. If I'm attuned to and wearing the relic, it cannot be removed by any means while I live and has the following properties, in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   I permanently transform into an atharan. Atharan are humanoid beings of cosmic force whose bodies are made up of what appears to be a starry night sky. Their eyes glow with the fire of suns, and their hair is like the trail of a comet. I lose my racial traits and instead gain those of the atharan race.\nBane: The atharan designed the Legacy of Wrath to not only save their race but to enact a terrible vengeance against those who wronged them. While I wear the relic, I'm filled with all the bitterness and rage the entire race felt at the moment of their destruction, granting you the following flaw:\n   Xenophobia: The atharan were people of peace and culture, and look what that brought them. I will not make the same mistake. I will carve out a place in this world for my people at the expense of all lesser beings.\nAdditionally, I cannot be considered an allied creature to those who are not the same race as me.",
	}],
}

RaceList["athran, viriban"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*athran)(?=.*viriban).*$/i,

	name : "Athran, Viriban",

	source : [["ELCR", 162], ["ELHH", 238]],

	plural : "Athrans, Viriban",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Atharasil"],

	age : " mature at around 30 years old and can live to be well over 2,000 years old.",

	height : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	weight : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	improvements : "Athran, Viriban: +2 Any four scores;",

	scores : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

	scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],

	trait : "Athran, Viriban (+2 Any four scores)\nEpic Humanoid: My creature type is humanoid, and I'm considered an Epic creature.\nProgeny: Any children I bear or sire are always atharan.",

	carryingCapacity : 8,
};

RaceList["athran, celeritan"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*athran)(?=.*celeritan).*$/i,

	name : "Athran, Celeritan",

	source : [["ELCR", 162], ["ELHH", 238]],

	plural : "Athrans, Celeritan",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },

		allModes : "+30"
	},

	languageProfs : ["Atharasil"],

	age : " mature at around 30 years old and can live to be well over 2,000 years old.",

	height : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	weight : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	improvements : "Athran, Celeritan: +2 Any four scores;",

	scores : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

	scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],

	trait : "Athran, Celeritan (+2 Any four scores)\nEpic Humanoid: My creature type is humanoid, and I'm considered an Epic creature.\nProgeny: Any children I bear or sire are always atharan.",
};

RaceList["athran, salutan"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*athran)(?=.*salutan).*$/i,

	name : "Athran, Salutan",

	source : [["ELCR", 162], ["ELHH", 238]],

	plural : "Athrans, Salutan",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Atharasil"],

	age : " mature at around 30 years old and can live to be well over 2,000 years old.",

	height : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	weight : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	improvements : "Athran, Salutan: +2 Any four scores;",

	scores : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

	scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],

	trait : "Athran, Salutan (+2 Any four scores)\nEpic Humanoid: My creature type is humanoid, and I'm considered an Epic creature.\nProgeny: Any children I bear or sire are always atharan.\nSalutan's Durability: When I take 20 or less damage in a single instance, I instead take no damage.",
};

RaceList["athran, capitiosan"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*athran)(?=.*capitiosan).*$/i,

	name : "Athran, Capitiosan",

	source : [["ELCR", 162], ["ELHH", 238]],

	plural : "Athrans, Capitiosan",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Atharasil"],

	age : " mature at around 30 years old and can live to be well over 2,000 years old.",

	height : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	weight : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	improvements : "Athran, Capitiosan: +2 Any four scores;",

	scores : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

	scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],

	trait : "Athran, Capitiosan (+2 Any four scores)\nEpic Humanoid: My creature type is humanoid, and I'm considered an Epic creature.\nProgeny: Any children I bear or sire are always atharan.\nCapitiosan's Intelligence: When I touch written text, I can read its entire contents instantly. Additionally, when I roll a 9 or lower on an Intelligence ability check, I instead roll a 10.",
};

RaceList["athran, prospician"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*athran)(?=.*prospician).*$/i,

	name : "Athran, Prospician",

	source : [["ELCR", 162], ["ELHH", 238]],

	plural : "Athrans, Prospician",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Atharasil"],

	age : " mature at around 30 years old and can live to be well over 2,000 years old.",

	height : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	weight : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	improvements : "Athran, Prospician: +2 Any four scores;",

	scores : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

	scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],

	trait : "Athran, Prospician (+2 Any four scores)\nEpic Humanoid: My creature type is humanoid, and I'm considered an Epic creature.\nProgeny: Any children I bear or sire are always atharan.\nProspician's Wisdom: I add half my proficiency to any ability check or saving throw I attempt in which I'm not proficient in.",
};

RaceList["athran, loquian"] = {

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*athran)(?=.*loquian).*$/i,

	name : "Athran, Loquian",

	source : [["ELCR", 162], ["ELHH", 238]],

	plural : "Athrans, Loquian",

	size : 3,

	speed : {

		walk : { spd : 30, enc : 20 },
	},

	languageProfs : ["Atharasil"],

	age : " mature at around 30 years old and can live to be well over 2,000 years old.",

	height : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	weight : " can assume a humanoid shape of any dimension, as long as their size remains Medium.",

	improvements : "Athran, Loquian: +2 Any four scores;",

	scores : [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],

	scoresMaximum : [30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30],

	trait : "Athran, Loquian (+2 Any four scores)\nEpic Humanoid: My creature type is humanoid, and I'm considered an Epic creature.\nProgeny: Any children I bear or sire are always atharan.\nLoquian's Charisma: When I succeed on a Charisma ability check against one or more creatures, I can choose to make those creatures frightened or charmed by me until I become their enemy.",
};

MagicItemsList["mortal memento"] = {

	name : "Mortal Memento",

	source : [["ELCR", 162], ["ELHH", 239]],

	type : "weapon (longbow)",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 7,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "The scourge of old age has claimed the lives of countless mortals. While humans, dwarves, and elves expire by the thousands, beings from other planes enjoy an immortal existence. An infamous Epic assassin looked upon this tragedy and was inspired. If dying of old age was such a brutal fate for mortal creatures, what would it mean to those who had never experienced its ravages? With fortunes gained from a lifetime of deadly proficiency, the assassin brewed a poison of devious cruelty. The first victim was a mighty solar who cried out in horror, its ageless form withering to dust. The assassin poured the remaining toxin over the angel’s bow, twisting the celestial weapon into the deadly relic known only as Mortal Memento. This terrifying weapon is cruel but elegant. Faces of screaming celestials, fiends, and other immortal creatures are carved into its surface. Over the arrow rest hangs a vicious fang from which drips a noxious poison, ensuring a deadly payload is delivered with lethal precision.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Mortal Memento Details",
		source : ["ELCR", 163],
		popupName : "Mortal Memento Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Crackshot: I gain a +5 bonus to attack rolls made with this magical weapon.\n   Desolate Shot: As a bonus action, I can imbue the next ranged weapon attack made with the bow with a deadly poison called desolation. If I do not make a ranged weapon attack with the weapon within 1 minute of using this feature, the benefit is lost. The poison has the following property:\n     Ceaseless Desolation: This poison of unknown origin zombifies the structure of a creature's body, forcing it to produce more of the poison. A creature subjected to this poison must succeed on a DC 30 Constitution saving throw or be poisoned. While a creature is poisoned by desolation, it must succeed on a DC 30 Constitution saving throw every minute or take 20d8 poison damage, or half as much on a success. If a creature fails this saving throw by 10 or more, it takes an additional 10d8 poison damage for each time it failed a saving throw against the poison over its duration. If a creature slain by desolation is returned to life, it returns still poisoned by desolation.\n   Toxic Avenger: When I use the bow to make a successful ranged weapon attack against a creature and expose the creature to a poison as a part of that attack, the creature cannot be immune to that poison or its effects for the duration. If a creature poisoned in this manner is immune to poison damage, it instead has resistance. Additionally, if a poison exposed to a creature in this manner has a saving throw DC less than 25 as a part of its effects, the saving throw DC is instead 25.\nTo become attuned to Mortal Memento, I must slay a variety of creatures using the relic's desolation poison. My targets include one Epic creature of each of the following types: aberration, celestial, construct, dragon, elemental, fey, fiend, and undead, though at the DM's discretion, I may need to kill additional creature types. Each creature must be immune to the harmful effects of aging and be unable to die of old age. Once I have slain one Epic creature of each type, I become attuned to the relic. While attuned, the relic has the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Decaying Coating: As an action, I can cause the bow to secrete a special poison called century venom. The weapon secretes enough poison to coat up to five pieces of ammunition. Once I have used this feature, I cannot use it again until 1 year has passed. Century venom has the following properties:\n     Century Venom: This magical poison causes any creature exposed through direct contact to experience rapid aging in a matter of seconds. A creature subjected to this poison must succeed on a DC 35 Constitution saving throw or become poisoned. The poisoned creature has Epic Disadvantage on Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws, and loses 10d10 HP at the start of each of its turns as it ages rapidly. If the creature is immune the effects of aging or does not age, it instead loses half as many HP.\n   Crippling Poisons: Creatures poisoned by me are vulnerable to poison damage dealt by me.\n   Incurable Afflictions: When a creature attempts to cure or remove a poison from inflicted by the relic, it must succeed on a DC 30 Medicine ability check or the attempt fails.\nBane: Mortal Memento is never to be used against creatures who suffer the burden of a mortal existence. Creatures that are not immune to the effects of aging automatically succeed on saving throws against effects produced by the relic and against poisons they are subjected to via the relic.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["lexicon of legendary legacies"] = {

	name : "Lexicon of Legendary Legacies",

	source : ["ELHH", 238],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "The recorded exploits of Epic heroes could fill the greatest of libraries and leave a mountainous pile of books left to be shelved. Each one of these deeds is an incredible achievement worthy of being recorded as a pivotal moment in history. Having forged their own legends and seeking a peaceful retirement, a masterful truespeaker sought to compile the greatest collection of mythologies, deeds, and legends concerning Epic heroes all in one magnificent tome. With ceaseless dedication the bard chased down every champion they could find, cataloguing their life story with fantastical embellishment and exceptional prose. As the tome grew ever larger, overflowing with thousands of masterfully written pages, it began to take on a magic all its own. The truespeaker’s name is lost to time, but their efforts endure in the form of the Lexicon of Legendary Legacies. This relic is a gigantic tome fit for a titan, bound in the leather of dozens of monsters. Each page is meticulously penned in flawless handwriting, accompanied by artists’ renditions of great deeds and anecdotes from those who witnessed such glory. No matter how many pages one turns, more incredible stories yet remain, each more amazing than the last.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Lexion of Legendary Legacies Details",
		source : ["ELHH", 239],
		popupName : "Lexicon of Legendary Legacies Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   In Another Life: When I finish a long rest, I can choose to read from the relic and learn of mighty heroes who inspire and awe me. When I do so, I begin envisioning myself in their place, which is turned into reality by the power of the relic. As the player, I must create an alternate character before my next session that shares the same name as my current one but otherwise is an entirely new being. This alternate character must have the same number of levels and Epic levels as the first and abide by any character creation limits imposed by my DM but otherwise be entirely of my own design. When created, this alternate character has the same wealth as my current character and may choose magic items from the 5th Edition core rules and other DM-approved sources of a number and rarity equal to that of my current character. Both characters share memories and experiences and are aware of each other's existence. Each knows what the other knows; however, they both cannot exist at the same time. Whenever I finish a long rest, I can choose to have my current character or the alternate one to exist. The character that does not exist is instead trapped in a pocket dimension where time does not pass for it until it returns to its natural existence. Once I have used this feature, I cannot use it again until 10 years have passed. Additionally, if I use this feature again, the alternate character created by this feature vanishes forever, along with any equipment and wealth created for them by this feature.\nAttunement: Becoming attuned to the relic requires me to pen the entirety of my story as a hero in meticulous detail. I must detail my tale from beginning to end, starting with humble beginnings and ending with the last Epic deed I performed. It must include testimonials from those who know me well and witnessed my great acts, along with illustrations and mythology concerning me. This process typically takes at least 1 year due to the requirements of both writing quality and attention to detail, but it may take far longer depending on the scope of my achievements. Additionally, to remain attuned to the relic, I must continue to pen my story as it transpires, expending 1 hour of strenuous activity chronicling my life for every 8 hours I spend on Epic adventures. If I fail to do so for at least 1 continuous week, I immediately suffer the relic’s bane. While attuned, the relic has the following properties, in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Legendary Destiny: When I become attuned to the relic and when I use the In Another Life feature to create an alternate character, I can choose for the alternate's subclass to instead be a legendary subclass.\nBane: The Lexicon of Legendary Legacies is mystically bound to preserve knowledge and glorify deeds of great heroes. And like all great legends, every story must come to an end. If I'm slain or defeated in a heroic manner befitting one of my power and significance (as determined by both me and the DM), the relic chooses to end my story. When it does so, I can no longer write in the relic to become attuned to it, nor does it allow me to use any of its properties again.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["nemeton, staff of the hierophants"] = {

	name : "Nemeton, Staff of the Hierophants",

	source : [["ELCR", 163], ["ELHH", 240]],

	type : "staff",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 5,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "In ancient times, fey creatures ruled much of the material plane from their twilight courts. Powerful and proud, these creatures perverted nature to suit their own whims and the world suffered greatly for their amusements. However, many cared seriously for the plight of the natural world, among them a nature deity who called together those who shared a passion for the wilds. This summit was the beginning of the first druidic circle, and from its inception the staff Nemeton was grown. A weapon to drive the fey from the world, its magic would be a dauntless ally to the defenders of the material plane. Over the course of one hundred years, Nemeton was grown. A perfect cherrywood staff with nine blossoms in perpetual bloom at its head, Nemeton fulfilled its destiny by laying waste to fey who had abused the land. While this effort caused the staff to wither and fade, the power of Nemeton would grow again. Until the staff chooses to reveal itself, it takes the form of a slender cherry tree forever blooming, awaiting the next great planar peril to reveal itself. When taken up by a defender of the natural world, Nemeton is overwhelmingly powerful, particularly against fey and other outsiders who would pervert the material plane to vile ends.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Nemeton, Staff of the Hierophants Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 164], ["ELHH", 240]],
		popupName : "Nemeton, Staff of the Hierophants Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Druidic Spellcasting: The staff has 50 charges. To regain charges, I must bequeath some of my life force to Nemeton. At the end of a long rest, I can expend a number of Hit Dice equal to the number of charges I wish to regain. I do not regain Hit Dice spent in this fashion until the end of my next long rest. While holding the staff, I can use an action to expend 1 or more charges to perform one of the following effects:\n     Reclamation: I expend 5 charges to undo all damage and harmful effects dealt to the environment in the last year in a 10 mile radius, centered on me. This effect restores plants to life, heals wounded animals, removes foreign material, and restores the area to pristine condition.\n     Spellcasting: I expend charges to cast spells from the staff. The spell save DC is 26 or your own spell save DC, whichever is higher.\n       bones of the earth (3 charges)\n       control weather (4 charges)\n       earthquake (4 charges)\n       maelstorm (2 charges)\n       sunburst (4 charges)\n       wall of thorns (3 charges)\n       whirlwind (3 charges)\n       crown of vermin (7 charges, as a Tier 2 Epic Spell)\n       megalith (7 charges, as a Tier 2 Epic Spell)\n       obsidian tombs (7 charges, as a Tier 2 Epic Spell)\n       hail of deadly blossoms (10 charges, as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, must be attuned)\n       release the kraken (10 charges, as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, must be attuned)\n   Green Walker: While on the material plane and holding the staff, I may move between trees as if I were always under the effects of the treestride spell. This is a Deific effect that cannot be prevented by any means.\n   Intrusion Awareness: While on the material plane and holding the staff, I can sense the presence of any creature that is not native to the material plane. I can determine a creature's plane of origin, level of power (Non-Epic, Epic, Deific), and alignment after sensing it for at least 1 continuous minute.\n   Mighty Focus: While holding the staff, I have Epic Advantage on Constitution saving throws I attempt in order to maintain concentration.\n   One with the World: While holding the staff I'm immune to the harmful effects of nonmagical terrain and damage from natural hazards on the material plane. This includes extreme environments such as the caldera of a volcano or the crushing pressure at the bottom of the ocean.\nAttunement to Nemeton requires an extreme act of xenophobia. I must remove every creature of a single race (the number of which must be greater than one thousand individuals) from the material plane, either by slaying, deporting, or banishing them. The race must be one not native to the material plane. Once all such creatures are gone from the material plane, I become attuned to Nemeton. While attuned the relic has the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Eternal Exile: While I hold the staff, extraplanar creatures slain by me on the material plane can never return by any means. This is a Deific effect.\n   Improved Spellcasting: When I expend charges to cast spells from the staff, I can use the spell save DC of 32 or my own spell save DC, whichever is higher. Additionally, when I cast a spell from the staff that requires concentration, I may expend 5 additional charges to remove the concentration component from the spell for its duration.\nBane: If Nemeton comes into the possession of a creature not native to the material plane or if Nemeton is removed from the material plane for longer than 2 weeks, the staff withers and dies, losing all of its properties. Furthermore, should either of these events occur, I'm immediately and forever banished from the material plane. Whenever Nemeton withers and dies, it regrows somewhere on the material plane over the course of the next 100 years.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["shock and awe"] = {

	name : "Shock and Awe",

	source : [["ELCR", 164], ["ELHH", 241]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 5,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "These masterwork gloves are crafted of flawless blue dragon scales, wrapped with cords of steel wire, and engraved with mystic symbols of ki. Crafted at a secret monastery run by enlightened fists, this relic was born of a contest between the monks and a mighty storm giant warrior named Garuun. A warrior who reveled in martial combat, Garuun would hold famous boxing matches at his home atop the world’s tallest mountain. The giant claimed that no creature could best him in unarmed combat, and he backed up his claim with a parade of victories against those who dared challenge him. However, few were willing to climb the peak just to be bludgeoned into unconsciousness by a giant, and Garuun soon became bored. Peering down the peak, Garuun spied the Stormriven Monastery hiding on his mountainside. The monks had no quarrel with the giant; they had nothing to prove, preferring to focus their skills inward in pursuit of enlightenment. Bellowing at the enlightened fists, Garuun mocked them both day and night, laughing at their complacency and cowardice. At first the monks were unperturbed, but after six months of ceaseless abuse, a response was required. The leader of the monastery accepted the challenge and battle was joined. For seven days the warriors fought, and the monk emerged wounded but victorious. In vengeance, Garuun’s body and spirit was split and bound into a pair of gloves. The left (Awe) channeled the giant’s cunning, the right (Shock) his strength. Together, the gloves would grant their wielders the power to win almost any battle with only their fists, with a giant-sized ego to match.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Shock and Awe Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 165], ["ELHH", 242]],
		popupName : "Shock and Awe Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Concussive Blows: While wearing the gloves, when I score a critical hit against a creature with an unarmed strike it is stunned until the start of its next turn.\n   Magical Strikes: While wearing the gloves, I gain a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with my unarmed strikes.\n   Sentience: The relic is a pair of sentient chaotic neutral wondrous items that can be worn on the hands. Each glove has an Intelligence of 18, a Wisdom of 8, and a Charisma of 29. The gloves have awareness of anything you can perceive. The gloves can read, write, and understand Common and Giant. They cannot communicate verbally but can write their desires down if given a proper tool. In most cases, the gloves communicate only by clenching their fists or making offensive gestures.\n   Personality: Shock and Awe are arrogant and lack respect for almost everything. The gloves ruthlessly desire to put themselves into the faces of potentially worthy foes. Shock prefers the direct approach to combat while Awe is more subtle, preferring to deliver sucker punches with comedic timing. Conflict occurs when I pass up the opportunity to fight a creature one on one, no matter how stupid or ridiculous the situation. Both weapons have fragile egos and will continue a conflict for weeks at a time, particularly if I passed up what would have been a great fight.\n   Relentless Combatant: I'm immune to the unconscious condition. While I have 0 HP, I have Epic advantage on attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks.\n   Thunder and Lightning: When I make a successful unarmed strike with a limb wearing Shock, I deal an extra 1d8 lightning damage. When I make a successful unarmed strike with a limb wearing Awe, I deal an extra 1d8 thunder damage.\nTo become attuned to the relic, I must prove my worth to both gloves. To do so, I must challenge a willing Epic creature to single combat in which neither participant can benefit from equipment, magical items, spells, magical effects, or other \"unnatural\" advantages, with one exception. I must give Shock and Awe to my opponent, who must use the relic for the duration of the bout. If I'm able to defeat my foe, I must then use the relic to commit a dishonorable act and execute my opponent. Once I have done so, I become attuned to Shock and Awe. While attuned the relic has the following properties, in addition to its other unattuned properties:\n   Brutal and Cunning: While I wear the gloves, my Strength score is equal to my Dexterity score, or vice versa, whichever is higher.\n   Slippery like a Fish: As a reaction when I'm attacked, I may cause the attack to automatically miss.\n   Thundering Finish: At the end of each of my turns in which I make a successful unarmed strike while wearing Shock and Awe, I can unleash a blast of thunder in a 30-foot radius centered on me. Each creature other than me in the area takes 2d8 thunder damage for each successful unarmed strike I made that turn.\nBane: While I wear the relic, I cannot wield weapons and cannot use a shield. If I'm attuned to the relic and wield weapons or use a shield, I cause a conflict with the relic. Additionally, if I'm defeated by a worthy enemy in combat, I become unattuned to Shock and Awe and cannot attune to the relic again for a period of 1 year.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["sin of the all-father"] = {

	name : "Sin of the All-Father",

	source : [["ELCR", 165], ["ELHH", 242]],

	type : "shield",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 15,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "An ancient stone slab covered in mysterious Dwarvish runes, this venerable relic is a monument to a now-vanished clan of dwarves known as the stoneweavers. Once a mighty people, the stoneweaver clan could work earthen materials like no other, eschewing tools and picks in favor of powerful magic and miraculous science. Their halls were the envy of all other dwarves, with architectural and artistic achievements surpassing all others. The deity that created the dwarves looked down in wonder at what his creations had accomplished, marveling at their genius and ingenuity. The stoneweavers had a particular affinity for overcoming challenges, seeking to improve their craft through adversity and hardship. Seeing this, the dwarven god issued the All-Father's challenge, his curiosity piqued by the ambitious clan. The stoneweavers would have one century to complete a single architectural marvel fit for the god’s divine halls. Should they succeed, the entire stoneweaver clan would forever have the All-Father’s blessing and be favored above all other dwarves. The clan eagerly accepted, and one century later unveiled their creation to an eager god. But what the stoneweavers had wrought was beyond conception. They had fashioned a new dwarven goddess from the stone of the earth, wholly alive and possessing Deific power. The All-Father was enraged. This was blasphemy of the highest order and a direct challenge to his divine rule. As the new goddess rushed to embrace him, the All-Father smote her in an act of fear and rage. The resulting explosion destroyed the entire stoneweaver clan, leaving only ruins and no witnesses. Ashamed, the dwarven god inscribed the tale of his sin upon a surviving piece of the goddess' form, which became the relic known as the Sin of the All-Father.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Sin of the All-Father Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 165], ["ELHH", 244]],
		popupName : "Sin of the All-Father Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Aura of Petrification: While holding the shield, at the start of each of my turns, each creature of my choice within 30 feet of me must succeed on a DC 26 Constitution saving throw or become petrified as they are turned to stone. I can use an action to touch a petrified creature within reach and end the effect.\n   Hands of the Stoneweaver: I'm proficient in mason's tools, and I can use my hands as mason's tools. When I attempt an ability check using mason's tools, I do so in one-tenth the time it would require normally (minimum of an action). Additionally, my hands can work any stone material regardless of durability or properties.\n   Magical Enchantment: While holding this shield, I have a +5 bonus to my AC. This bonus is in addition to the shield’s normal bonus to AC.\n   Stone Form: I'm immune to damage from Non-Epic creatures and the petrified condition.\nTo become attuned to the relic, I must emulate the All-Father and commit an atrocity against dwarvenkind. Doing so involves tearing out the heart of an Epic dwarven clan leader and crushing it over the surface of the shield. Doing so awakens a brutal ire in all dwarves of that clan, who become my sworn enemy and recognize you on sight regardless of what form I take. Additionally, a single dwarf member of that clan instantly becomes magically empowered. This transforms the dwarf into a bloodsworn avenger, which is detailed in the relic's bane description. While attuned, the relic has the following properties, in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Dwarven Legacy: I gain inherent knowledge of dwarven genealogy. I can perfectly recite the family tree and clan history of every dwarf I'm aware of. Additionally, I gain Dwarvish as a language.\n   Master Earth: When an effect would attempt to alter the ground, earth, or stone within sight of me, I may take a reaction to prevent that effect.\n   While I hold the shield and have at least one free hand, I can use an action to cast the following spells from the shield, using my spell save DC and spell attack modifier (when applicable), or a spell save DC of 30, whichever is higher. The Non-Epic spells are always cast as 9th-level spells and do not require concentration to maintain their effects for the duration. The spellcasting ability for these spells is always Wisdom.\n     hungry fissure\n     obsidian tombs\n     earthquake\n     move earth\n     stone shape\n     trasmute rock\n     wall of stone\nBane: When I attune to the relic I become cursed, which empowers the surviving members of the clan whose leader I slew as a part of the relic's attunement process. This curse persists until there are no surviving members of the clan. An empowered dwarf becomes a bloodsworn avenger. When an avenger is slain, a new one is created from the surviving members of the clan.",
	}],
}

CreatureList["bloodsworn avenger"] = {

	name : "Bloodsworn Avenger",

	source : [["ELCR", 166], ["ELHH", 243]],

	size : 3,

	type : "Humanoid",

	subtype : "Epic Dwarf",

	alignment : "Any",

	ac : 32,

	hp : 500,

	hd : [40, 8],

	speed : "25 ft",

	scores : [30, 12, 27, 16, 22, 8],

	saves : ["+21", "", "+19", "+14", "+17", "+10"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 32,
		"history" : 14,
		"intimidation" : 10,
		"perception" : 17,
		"religion" : 14
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 60 ft, truesight 60 ft",

	damage_immunities : "All damage from non-Epic sources",

	damage_resistances : "poison, thunder; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage",

	condition_immunities : "petrified, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 27,

	languages : "Druidic, Terran",

	challengeRating : "34",

	proficiencyBonus : 8,

	attacksAction : 4,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Headbutt",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [10, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The creature must succeed on a DC 29 Constitution saving throw or be knocked unconscious for 1 minute",
			modifiers : [21, "", ""],
			tooltip : "At the end of each of its turns, an unconscious creature can repeat this saving throw, ending the effect on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Stormhammer",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft) or 60/120 ft",
			description : "Deals an additional 4d10 lightning damage",
			modifiers : [21, 10, ""],
			tooltip : "A creature stunned by this attack takes an additional 6d10 lightning damage and can also be used as a Legendary Action."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Aura of Caging",
			description : "Hostile creatures within 60 feet of the avenger cannot willingly move away from it by any means."
		}, {
			name : "Bane of Sinners",
			description : "The avenger has Epic Advantage on attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks against a creature attuned to the relic \"Sin of the All-Father\" and its allies."
		}, {
			name : "Brutal Hammering",
			description : "The avenger's attacks are magical and score a critical hit on a 16–20. A creature critically hit by the avenger is stunned until the end of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Centripetal Force",
			description : "As a bonus action, the avenger can spin its hammer around its head and then loose it in a direction of its choice. The avenger is then thrown up to 300 feet in a straight line in that direction and does not land prone."
		}, {
			name : "Lengendary Resistance (5/day)",
			description : "When the avenger fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead."
		}, {
			name : "Sworn Pursuit",
			description : "If a creature is attuned to the relic \"Sin of the All-Father\", the avenger always knows the exact location of that creature. The creature cannot be hidden from the avenger by any means and cannot conceal its location from the avenger."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Divine Intervention (Legendary Action / 1/day)",
			description : "The avenger casts the spell wish. The spellcasting ability for this spell is Wisdom (spell save DC 25, +17 to hit with spell attacks)."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Immunity (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The avenger becomes immune to spells or magical effects of 9th level or lower unless it wishes to be affected. This benefit lasts until the end of the avenger's next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Recall Hammer (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The avenger magically teleports its stormhammer into its empty hand."
		}, {
			name : "Surge of Fury (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The avenger surges with power, granting it a +20 bonus to its next attack roll, damage roll, or Strength ability check."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["skull of zek-hama"] = {

	name : "Skull of Zek-Hama",

	source : [["ELCR", 167], ["ELHH", 244]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 3,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "Evil can be its own worst enemy. Few legends exemplify this lesson better than the tale of Zek-Hama, former supreme commander of the armies of the hells. A strategic genius who guaranteed the loyalty of those who followed him, Zek-Hama waged war on a planar scale. His greatest achievement consisted of a glorious invasion of the abyssal planes, a fiendish crusade that caused his popularity to skyrocket. This was Zek-Hama’s second mistake; his first was being a rakshasa. Asmodeus could not abide a challenge to his power, especially from a non-devil. To celebrate the rakshasa’s achievements, Asmodeus held a celebration to honor the mighty general. Zek-Hama was no fool and brought with him eight of his most loyal generals as protection. As Zek-Hama took a knee to accept the honor bestowed by Asmodeus, he felt the sting of knives, eight in total, piercing his form and pinning him to the ground. The rakshasa was betrayed—not by Asmodeus, but by his generals who had fought by his side. In the hells, Zek-Hama’s sin was trust, and Asmodeus observed this betrayal with a wry smile. As punishment for Zek-Hama’s foolishness, Asmodeus beheaded the general personally and bound his essence inside his skull, an eternity of torment from which Zek-Hama can never escape. The eight generals went on to become archdevils, many of them survive to this day, the fear of Zek-Hama haunting their darkest dreams. The Skull of Zek-Hama is an intelligent relic containing the soul of thefallen rakshasa, seeking vengeance by empowering its wielders with fiendish might. When the relic communicates or produces an effect, its eyes blaze with infernal hellfire.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Skull of Zek-Hama Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 167], ["ELHH", 245]],
		popupName : "Skull of Zek-Hama Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Commanding Presence: I gain proficiency in Intimidation ability checks, and my proficiency bonus is doubled for any Intimidation ability checks you attempt.\n   Fury of the Betrayed: At the start of each of my turns, I gain one special die called an infernal die, a d6, for every 20 HP I'm missing below my HP maximum. On each of my turns when I deal damage, I may roll any number of my infernal dice and deal additional fire damage equal to the amount rolled. Any infernal dice remaining at the end of each of my turns are lost.\n   Purity of Evil: When I deal fire damage, I may convert half of that damage into vile damage.\n   Sentience: The relic is a sentient, lawful evil relic that can be worn like a helmet, with an Intelligence of 24, a Wisdom of 16, and a Charisma of 32. It has truesight out to range of 120 feet. The relic can speak, read, and understand Common, Ignan, Infernal, and the Epic language Dark Speech. While I'm wearing the relic, it can communicate with you telepathically. Its voice is snarling and commanding, full of spite and bitterness.\n   Personality: The relic retains all the arrogance and authority it once had in life. The skull's purpose is to get revenge on its traitorous generals and prove Asmodeus made a grievous error in condemning Zek-Hama. The skull's desire for vengeance is perilously strong, and if its wielder passes up opportunities to act against the former generals turned archdevils, the relic's bane occurs. Additionally, the skull afflicts me with a violent fear of betrayal. I gain the following flaw:\n     Fear of Betrayal: I cannot turn my back for a second on anyone. Every act of benevolence toward me is just a ploy to gain my trust. I must strike first or risk losing everything I’ve worked for.\n   Superior Magic Immunity: I'm mmune to spells of 9th level or lower unless you wish to be affected.\n   Tongue of Evil: I can speak the language of primordial evil, Dark Speech, even if I do not meet the necessary prerequisites.\nAttunement to the relic requires the destruction of seven powerful Epic devils in service to an archdevil that betrayed Zek-Hama, or the death of a single traitorous archdevil by my hand. It is not enough to simply defeat the fiends in combat, they must be destroyed utterly and prevented from being restored to life. Epic devils typically have an Epic challenge rating of 21–25, while archdevils typically have a mythic challenge rating of 5 or higher. While attuned, the relic loses its Fury of the Betrayed property and gains the following properties, in addition to its other unattuned properties:\n   Absolute Authority: When I succeed on a Intimidation ability check against a creature which use Dark Speech as a language, I may immediately cast the Epic Spell hideous mandate (no action required) as a Tier 1 Epic Spell targeting a creature I just intimidated within range. The spell save DC of this effect is equal to my spell save DC or DC 26, whichever is higher. This effect cannot occur more than once per turn.\n   Fiendish Aspect: I'm immune to fire damage and vile damage.\n   Fires of Vengeance: Once per turn when a creature damages me, I may deal 10d6 fire damage to that creature regardless of the distance between us.\nBane: Whenever I have conflict with the relic, it always attempts to take control of me. This effect is especially powerful, with a saving throw DC of 36 to resist its effects. Additionally, I cannot be immune to this effect by any means, and the control always persists for 12 hours. While controlled by the skull, my form assumes the appearance of a black-haired rakshasa, and I share of all of Zek-Hama's memories and experiences. In this state, the skull will force me to seek out and slay powerful devils at any cost, with no concern for my safety or that of my companions.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["soul star"] = {

	name : "Soul Star",

	source : [["ELCR", 168], ["ELHH", 246]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 20,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "A standard of Deific power is the ability to forge existence on a cosmic level. Some gods create worlds, others races and magic. But once an eon, a god sires a divine child. This infant must be nurtured with care under the protection of mighty beings, for a child can be raised to walk a dark path. A relic known as the Soul Star contains within its crystal lattice such an infant deity, awaiting a parent to raise it. The origin of the Soul Star is unknown, but scholars believe it to be the orphaned offspring of a long-dead deity. The potential contained within is extraordinary, allowing mortals the chance to sire a god through extraordinary hard work, patience, and personal strength. The Soul Star resembles a magnificently cut gem the size of a melon, egglike in shape, with latticed filaments of fine crystal etched across its surface. Within its structure a shape can be observed resting comfortably, oblivious to the world around it. Many seek the power of the Soul Star to change the world, for the god within is unformed and malleable. The personality of the parent will undoubtedly affect the infant, changing the face of the multiverse upon its birth.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Soul Star Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 168], ["ELHH", 246]],
		popupName : "Soul Star Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Caretaker: I can \"wear\" the relic by taking an action to toss it into the air, where it orbits my head at a distance of 2 feet. Thereafter, another creature must use an action to grasp or net the relic to separate it from me, either by making a successful attack roll against AC 30 or a successful DC 30 Acrobatics ability check. I can use an action to seize and stow the relic, ending its effects. While the relic is worn, it causes the following effects:\n     Cry of Distress: If a creature other than me touches the relic, I take 10d10 psychic damage from the divine cries of the developing child. This effect cannot occur more than once per turn. If I lose possession of the relic this effect occurs again every hour for 24 hours until it is back in my possession.\n     Godspawn: Effects produced by the relic are Deific effects.\n     Light of Innocence: The relic sheds bright light in a 300-foot radius. Me and all allied creatures in the area have a fly speed equal to my walking speed. Additionally, creatures within the area cannot be hidden or invisible.\nUnlike most relics, attunement to the Soul Star is remarkably easy. Wearing the relic for 8 continuous hours attunes me to the relic. While attuned to me, the relic gains following property in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Safeguard: As a bonus action, I can move the relic up to 60 feet in a direction of my choice. The relic flies and is immune to all non-Deific effects that would prevent its movement.\nBane: While the relic is attuned, the child within begins to gestate. I must attend to the Deific offspring within through meditation, consisting of 8 hours of strenuous activity each day. Should care for the relic in this fashion occur daily for 3 straight years, it births a new deity into the world. If another creature attunes to the relic during this 3 year period or a single day is missed, the process begins anew. If I do not provide this care for a continuous full week during the 3 year period, the deity is born prematurely, an angry and insane god. If born from this neglect, the deity does everything in its power to end you and those associated with me, the severity of the deity's attempt is at my DM’s discretion. If born under proper care, the young god quickly takes its place among the pantheon but remembers me as a valued friend and parent. It grants me any one of the following boons (my choice) at the time of its birth:\n   I gain an Epic level in an Epic prestige class of my choice for which I meet the necessary prerequisites.\n   I increase an ability score of my choice to 30.\n   I gain two Epic feats of my choice.\n   I gain proficiency in all skills and saving throws.\n   I gain a single artifact of your choice.\n   I gain 10 million gp.\n   A single non-Deific creature of my choice is obliterated instantly and cannot be returned to life by non-Deific means.\n   I maintain permanent telepathic communication with the young god, granting me the ability to discuss with it always and query it as with the spells divination and commune. There are no limits to the number of times I can use each of these effects per day, the spells never have a chance of failure, and the deity has my best interests at heart when providing me with answers.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["stormcleaver"] = {

	name : "Stormcleaver",

	source : [["ELCR", 169], ["ELHH", 247]],

	type : "weapon (glaive)",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 12,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "A weapon born of chaos and destruction, Stormcleaver is a lesson for those who take competition too far. For millennia, two gods, one of earth and one of sky, reveled in the struggle between the natural ebb and flow of storm against earth. Erosion wore at the mountains, and the mountains pierced the sky in turn, a climatic struggle between two unstoppable forces of nature. Seeking to claim ultimate victory, the sky deity retreated to its home within agreat storm and conceived of a weapon. Imbued with the force of ten thousand storms over ninety-nine years, the god's gamechanger was revealed. It was Stormcleaver, a tool to cut through stone the way a farmer cuts through wheat. With a single blow the glaive split mountains in two, wreaking horrific devastation upon the earth deity's domain. Despite this victory, the sky god's triumph was hollow. No longer could their contest continue, for the world had been rent asunder for the sake of ego. Regrettably, the weapon could not be unmade and was hidden away by devotees of both gods before fading into memory. The relic is an elegant, straight-handled glaive made of a black ceramic. The haft is detailed with lightning bolts fashioned from diamonds, and its blade is razor-sharp adamantine.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Stormcleaver Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 168], ["ELHH", 247]],
		popupName : "Stormcleaver Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Cleaving Blows: When I make an attack with the relic, I may also target anything adjacent to my target that is also within reach of the attack.\n   Devastator: The weapon deals quadruple damage to objects and structures. If damage dealt by the relic reduces an object or structure to 0 HP, the object or structure explodes in a cacophony of thunder and debris. Each creature within 50 feet of the destroyed target must succeed on a DC 28 Dexterity saving throw or take 10d10 bludgeoning damage and 10d10 thunder damage, or half as much on a success.\n   Eye of the Storm: The weather in a 5-mile radius around the weapon is a perpetual thunderstorm which reduces visibility within to 120 feet.\n   Magical Blade: I gain a +5 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with the weapon.\n   Stormflight: While I hold the relic, I have a flying speed equal to my walking speed. This property works only in short bursts: I fall if I end my turn in the air and nothing else is holding me aloft.\nAttunement to Stormcleaver is a time-consuming and dangerous process. Once per month for an entire year, I must call down a bolt of lightning as an action while holding the glaive. The lightning strikes the head of the glaive, electrocuting me for 4d10 lightning damage, which increases by 4d10 for each consecutive month this action is performed. This damage bypasses resistance or immunity to lightning damage. If I'm killed by the damage or fail to be struck by lightning in this manner for a month, I must start again from the beginning. Once I have survived this effect for an entire year, I become attuned to Stormcleaver. While attuned, the relic has the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Blessing of the Storm: While I hold the glaive, you are immune to lightning and thunder damage.\n   Cataclysmic Strike: Once per year, the weapon can make a mighty attack of impossible strength, channeling the power of a thousand storms. As an action, I can make a single weapon attack. The attack automatically hits, dealing slashing damage equal to the target's HP maximum.\n   Great Blade: On a successful hit, Stormcleaver does an extra 1d10 slashing damage.\n   Weather Mastery: I gain perfect control of the weather within a 5-mile radius of the weapon as though it were always under the effects of a control weather spell cast by me. When changing the weather in this way, such changes occur in 1 minute. If I'm unconscious, the weather around the weapon reverts to a raging thunderstorm within 1 minute.\nBane: Stormcleaver is a tool of destruction that was never meant to be wielded again, let alone by lesser creatures. When the weapon successfully destroys an object or structure, there is a 10 percent chance the gods of earth and sky take notice and unleash their wrath. I'm immediately subjected to the effects of the obsidian tombs and flash freeze Epic Spells (spell save DC 33), which are cast as Tier 3 Epic Spells and last for their durations. These spells are Deific effects.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["the crimson viol"] = {

	name : "The Crimson Viol",

	source : [["ELCR", 170], ["ELHH", 225]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 5,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "A relic of tragedy and loss, the The Crimson Viol is a cursed instrument of evil upon which unique melodies can be played. To those unfortunate enough to hear its haunting tunes, death soon follows. The relic’s power is as lethal as it is beautiful, and few creatures have the talent and courage to play upon its strings. Believed to be the literal instrument of death itself, the The Crimson Viol is carved from blood-soaked wood and varnished to a flawless sheen. Each sound the viol makes echoes regardless of its surroundings, allowing for unique musical effects when played. The bow is strung with black hair from a rare ebon unicorn, and the stick engraved with silver letters written in an ancient language lost to time.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "The Crimson Viol Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 170], ["ELHH", 225]],
		popupName : "The Crimson Viol Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Censure Audience: If a creature prevents me from playing upon the relic (such as countering a spell I'm casting or interrupting a masterpiece I'm performing), the offending source takes 20d6 psychic damage.\n   Dominating Performance: When I produce an effect that requires verbal components or speech, I may choose to play upon the relic instead. When I do so, creatures that can hear my performance have Epic Disadvantage on saving throws and ability checks against the effect.\n   Masterpiece Synergy: If I'm able to perform masterpieces with the Truesong Lexicon Epic prestige class feature, I may perform them using The Crimson Viol. When I do so and gain entropy, I instead gain half as much entropy.\n   Power Note Kill: As an action, I can play a sudden, terrifying note upon the instrument. One Non-Epic creature of my choice that can hear the note becomes afflicted with an Epic curse. Twenty-four hours after hearing the note, the creature dies.\n   Sentience: The Crimson Viol is a sentient, chaotic evil relic with an Intelligence of 22, a Wisdom of 14, and a Charisma of 36. It can perceive anything you perceive, but only when it is being played. The relic cannot communicate, but it knows its wielder's every thought, desire, and intention.\n   Personality: The Crimson Viol is cruel and aloof. It views weak creatures as deserving of slaughter. The instrument believes it is destined to play the dirge for the end of the multiverse but hasn't found the right performer. The relic seeks a musician talented enough to play this masterpiece and expects its wielder to practice ceaselessly to achieve this goal. If the instrument is not played once a day for at least an hour, conflict occurs.\nTo become attuned to relic, I must bind myself to the instrument's will and share in its vision of apocalypse. To do so, I can no longer benefit from taking a short rest. When I would take a short rest, I instead spend that time practicing upon The Crimson Viol. Each time I do so, I must succeed on a DC 30 Performance ability check or have conflict with the relic. Once I have practiced in this manner for a period of 6 months, I become attuned to the relic. While attuned, the relic gains the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Empowered Magic: When I use the relic as a spellcasting focus or as a substitute for verbal components to produce an effect that forces a creature to attempt a saving throw, the DC for that saving throw increases by 4.\n   Epic Magic: I can use an action to play the instrument and cast one of the following Epic Spells. Once the instrument has been used to cast a spell, it can't be used to cast that spell again until I finish a long rest. The spells have a spell save DC of 30 or my spell save DC, whichever is higher.\n     enslave (as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, can only be cast as an action)\n     malevolent fists of spite (as a Tier 3 Epic Spell)\n     wave of calamity (as a Tier 3 Epic Spell, can only be cast as an action)\n   Resolute Performance: While I'm playing the instrument, I have resistance to all damage.\nBane: The Crimson Viol is a cruel taskmaster and suffers no challenges to its power or authority. When conflict occurs between me and the relic, I cannot be immune to or succeed on saving throws against its effects. Additionally, whenever I'm in conflict with the relic and it is in my possession, my spell save DC is always 10. Finally, whenever I play upon the instrument, my fingers are cut by the strings and bleed profusely.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["timewalker's timepiece"] = {

	name : "Timewalker's Timepiece",

	source : [["ELCR", 171], ["ELHH", 248]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "To learn of the Timewalker's Timepiece, it is better to ask when rather than how or what. A large silver pocket watch on the end of an adamantine chain, the relic's simple appearance conceals its power over time. Past its porcelain face is the finest minute machinery concealing miniscule devices, clockwork, and other arcane-mechanical contraptions. The mechanisms are forged with such expertise that it could not have been created in this time, if any. Though its power is subtle, if one looks carefully the presence of the relic can be found throughout history, altering the timeline at the behest of its wielder. Legend speaks of the relic’s creators, great beings from the far-flung future who went mad after becoming temporal horrors lost to eternity. None know if the relic’s power is magic, science, or both, as its abilities are beyond the current era's comprehension.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Timewalker's Timepiece Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 171], ["ELHH", 248]],
		popupName : "Timewalker's Timepiece Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Consult the Future: As an action, I can open the face of the timepiece and see the flow of space and time through its tiny machinery. By observing this flow for 1 hour, I'm able to exactly predict an event of great significance within the next one thousand years. Once I have used this feature, I must wait 1 year before I can use it again.\n   Temporal Awareness: If time is manipulated on a plane I occupy, I immediately become aware of the exact location and nature of the manipulation.\n   Time Jump: As a bonus action, I can press a button on the timepiece to make a time jump, allowing me to recover a single Non-Epic class feature or Non-Epic spell slot of 8th level or lower that I could have recovered with a long rest.\nTo attune myself to the timepiece, I must visit the river of time, the plane from which all time flows, with the relic and live there for a year and a day. Finding the river of time is unspeakably difficult. Few beings know of a reliable method to reach it, and the dangers are extreme. Non-Epic magic is incapable of transporting one to the plane, and few (if any) permanent portals to the plane exist. The river of time flows backward, forward, sideways, and, occasionally, not at all, and catastrophic effects await those not native to the plane. The severity of these effects is determined by the DM, but they are always well beyond the capacity of most Non-Epic creatures to survive. While attuned, the relic has the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Greater Time Jump: Once per day, as an action, I can press a button on the top of the relic to make a time jump. Doing so gives me benefits as though I had instantly finished a long rest. Once I have used this feature, I cannot use it again for 1 week.\n   Rewind: When I'm subjected to a hostile effect, as a reaction, I can rewind myself through time, appearing in an unoccupied space up to 100 feet away from my previous location and preventing any hostile effects I would have suffered.\nBane: While I carry the relic, I cannot be immune to the effect sof aging. Every time I use one of the relic's features, my body ages by 1 year. This effect cannot be prevented by effects that make me immune to aging, and I suffer any appropriate penalties according to my age.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["unraveler of fate"] = {

	name : "Unraveler of Fate",

	source : [["ELCR", 171], ["ELHH", 248]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 1,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "A simple glove fashioned from threads of silver light, the Unraveler of Fate is one of the most feared objects to have ever existed. Gifted to a mysterious being known as Janon the Godbreaker, the relic has the power to erase creatures from existence. None dealt a deathblow by the relic have returned to life, nor can their souls be found in any afterlife. The Unraveler of Fate draws its power from the void between the planes, fashioning threads of utter oblivion that can be used as weapons. By weaving these threads through time and space, the user can strike out at not only an entity's form, but its very existence. On the palm of the glove are inscribed circles that fade into a mote of absolute darkness. Through this aperture the void is called to serve the wielder, forming threads of nothingness that cleave through god and mortal alike. Even the wielder is not safe from the relic's destructive power, for with each use one is pulled closer to oblivion. Only the most powerful beings dare wield this relic, and only in the most dire circumstances.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "Unraveler of Fate Details",
		source : [["ELCR", 172], ["ELHH", 249]],
		popupName : "Unraveler of Fate Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Entropic Power: While wearing the relic, when I would deal damage, I may instead cause the target to lose a number of HP equal to the damage I would have dealt (before factoring resistances, immunities, and other reductions to damage). This HP loss cannot be prevented by any means, and the target's HP maximum is reduced by an amount equal to the HP lost. This effect lasts until the target receives magical healing from a Deific source.\n   Touch of Oblivion: As an action, I can touch an object or structure within reach and destroy it utterly. Any magical items (including artifacts) are affected by this feature. I can destroy another relic using this feature but doing so ends my existence instantly and I cannot be returned to life by any known means. To the rest of reality, it is as though I had never existed. If the target is Gargantuan or larger, this effect destroys a 100 foot cube portion of it.\n   Utter Finality: While wearing the relic, when I reduce a creature to 0 HP, it is slain instantly and its body is disintegrated. A creature so destroyed cannot be returned to life by any known means.\n   Wield the Void: As a bonus action, I can summon a whip of pure void energy in the hand wearing the glove. I can dismiss the whip as a bonus action, and if I'm disarmed of the whip it vanishes instantly. The whip has a reach equal to the distance I can see. When I make an attack with the whip, I may target up to five different targets within range. On a successful hit, the whip deals an extra 6d6 necrotic damage.\nTo become attuned to a relic as destructive as the Unraveler of Fate, I must be exposed to the ravaging energies of the void by for a period of 1 hour. Attempting this is an extraordinarily dangerous act that few could survive, reaching the void between planes is no easy feat. A portal to such a realm involves opening a passageway to utter oblivion, which can have severely adverse effects on reality itself if not properly contained. Travel to the void requires powerful Epic conjuration magic that few living  spellcasters have the ability to cast. It is said some stable portals to the realm exist, but their location is well guarded and hidden from all but the most determined adventurers. Surviving inside the void is a horrific experience. I must contend with full exposure to the raw destructive power of total entropy. The severity of the exposure is at the DM’s discretion, but the experience should be nearly impossible to endure even under ideal conditions. Death inside the void means absolute destruction of both body and soul, beyond the help of even Deific-level effects. However, should I survive and return to the material universe, I'm attuned to the Unraveler of Fate. While attuned the relic has the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Dark Fate: When I slay a creature using the relic's Entropic Power feature, I may erase all memory of that creature from existence. To other creatures, even its closest friends, it is as though the creature never existed. The creature's absence has an unnatural effect on the universe. Other creatures are able to easily determine that something once existed that had an impact on the world around them, they just cannot seem recall what that something was. However, I retain any memory I had of the creature for as long as I remain attuned to the relic.\n   Unravel Existence: If I successfully grapple a creature with the hand wearing the Unraveler of Fate, I can begin to reshape the creature's past. If I maintain the grapple for 1 continuous minute, I gain complete knowledge of that creature’s history and acts. Additionally, I may immediately alter time itself by erasing a past action taken by the creature at any point in its life, with potentially significant consequences for the present. The act must have taken place within the last 10 years. I retain memory of the erased event, though to the rest of reality it is though the event had never occurred. Once I have used this feature, I cannot do so again for 1 year.\nBane: Wielding the Unraveler of Fate means risking being consumed by the power of void each time it is used. When I use its features  to remove a creature or artifact from existence, the DM rolls a d10 and secretly records the result. If the combined total of my d10 rolls ever exceeds 100, my existence instantly ends as though I had been subjected to the relic's Dark Fate feature.",
	}],
}

CreatureList["scath-lannach, the painted harlequin"] = {

	name : "Scath-Lannach, The Painted Harlequin",

	source : [["ELCR", 179], ["ELHH", 260]],

	size : 3,

	type : "Fey",

	subtype : "Mythic Fey",

	alignment : "Chaotic Neutral",

	ac : 26,

	hp : 714,

	hd : [68, 8],

	speed : "50 ft",

	scores : [16, 26, 22, 18, 12, 26],

	saves : ["+11", "+16", "+14", "+12", "+9", "+16"],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 24,
		"deception" : 16,
		"insight" : 9,
		"perception" : 17,
		"performance" : 24,
		"stealth" : 24
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft, blindsight 60 ft",

	damage_resistances : "bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from Non-Epic creatures",

	condition_immunities : "charmed",

	passivePerception : 27,

	languages : "Common, Elvish, Sylvan",

	challengeRating : "41",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Harlequin's Kiss (Recharge 5-6)",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [0, 0, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Does not deal damage, instead, it applies one of two effects (see tooltip).",
			modifiers : [16, "", ""],
			tooltip : "The Harlequin kisses the target, causing one of the following effects:\n   Haunting Desires: The Harlequin attempts a Deception check opposed by a target's Insight) check. If the Harlequin succeeds, the creature becomes overwhelmingly attracted to her and will not willingly harm her for as long as it remains attracted. When a creature attracted to the Harlequin takes damage, it can attempt a DC 24 Wisdom saving throw to end the effect.\n   Laughing Venom: The creature must succeed on a DC 24 Constitution saving throw or take 20d10 poison damage and is poisoned. While poisoned in this way, when the creature attempts to speak it instead laughs uncontrollably, unable to articulate any coherent words."
		}, {
			name : "Head Crack",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [1, 8, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target must succeed on a DC 24 Constitution saving throw or be knocked unconscious until the start of its next turn.",
			modifiers : [16, 8, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Shank",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [6, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The Harlequin can choose to leave the knife embedded in the target.",
			modifiers : [16, 8, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Circus Acrobat",
			description : "On each of her turns, the Harlequin can take a bonus action to take the Dash, Disengage, or Dodge action. Additionally, the Harlequin can move along vertical surfaces and across liquids without falling."
		}, {
			name : "Mirthful Blades",
			description : "The Harlequin's attacks are magical, and a creature that would be immune to damage dealt by the Harlequin is instead resistant. The Harlequin has a near-limitless number of knives on her person at all times. Some of the Harlequin's attacks and abilities leave knives embedded in affected creatures, as detailed in their description. The knives are magically enchanted to mock and torment the creature they are embedded in. When such a creature starts each of its turns, it takes 2d8 psychic damage for each knife embedded in it. A creature can use an action to remove all knives embedded in its body or from the body of another creature within reach, or it can use a bonus action to remove a single knife. When removing the knives, a creature must speak a knife-related pun they have not heard within the last 24 hours as a part of the attempt or the knife cannot be removed."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Resistance",
			description : "When the Harlequin fails a saving throw, she can expend one of her unspent legendary actions to succeed instead."
		}, {
			name : "Ultimate Evasion",
			description : "When the Harlequin succeeds on a saving throw and suffers an effect on a success, she instead suffers no effect."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "As a mythic creature, Scath-Lannach causes the following effects:\n   Joining the Night Troupe: When a humanoid creature survives 100 or more points of damage from Scath-Lannach or a member of the Night Troupe in a 24-hour period, that humanoid may be offered the chance to join the circus and become a night trouper. A creature that accepts gains the following traits and forever becomes a member of the dark fey race. Only Epic magic can reverse this effect and restore an affected creature to its natural state.\n     Type: The creature’s type changes from humanoid to fey.\n     Curse of Comedy: An ivory mask of a laughing smile is permanently affixed to the creature's face, which cannot be removed by any means short of cutting it off. The mask's magic makes the creature proficient in Performance and doubles its proficiency bonus on any Performance ability check it attempts.\n     Magic Resistance: The creature has advantage on saving throws against Non-Epic spells and other Non-Epic magical effects, and takes half damage from Non-Epic spells.\n     Suave Defense: The creature adds its Charisma modifier to its AC."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), the Harlequin takes one of the following mythic actions. The Harlequin cannot take the same action twice in a row.\n   Fan of Knives: The Harlequin unleashes a cloud of knives in a 30-foot radius centered on herself. Each enemy creature in the area must succeed on a DC 24 Dexterity saving throw or take 10d6 magical piercing damage, or half as much on a success. Additionally, creatures that fail the saving throw are embedded with two knives, or one knife on a success.\n   Tragedy of the Night Troupe: The Harlequin begins performing an artistic dance that tells the tragedy that befell the Night Troupe. Each creature that can see the Harlequin begins to dance, mimicking her movements. On each of its turns, a dancing creature must spend its movement to move in a manner dictated by the Harlequin. At the end of each of its turns, an affected creature can attempt a DC 24 Wisdom saving throw, ending the effect on a success. A creature immune to the charmed condition had Epic Advantage on the saving throw."
		}, {
			name : "Disarm",
			description : "The Harlequin attempts to disarm a creature within reach, forcing it to attempt a DC 24 Strength saving throw or drop one item it is holding (Harlequin's choice). When the target drops the object, the Harlequin may take a reaction to take possession of it."
		}, {
			name : "Escape Artist",
			description : "Until the end of her turn, the Harlequin can move through any objects, Non-Epic magical effects, or obstacles unimpeded as though they were not there. If the Harlequin is unable to take actions, she can instead take this action, immediately ending any effects that are preventing her from taking actions when she does so (such as the paralyzed or stunned conditions). The Harlequin cannot end her turn inside a solid object or creature using this feature."
		}, {
			name : "Expert Dodge",
			description : "When the Harlequin takes damage from an attack or spell that forced her to make a Dexterity saving throw, she can take a reaction to halve the damage."
		}, {
			name : "Backstab (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Harlequin magically teleports to an unoccupied space next to a target she can see within 300 feet of her and makes a single Shank attack. If the attack hits, it deals double damage. The Harlequin then magically teleports back to her original position."
		}, {
			name : "Flying Kick (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Harlequin jumps up to 30 feet vertically and/or horizontally and makes a single Head Crack attack."
		}, {
			name : "Jack-in-the-Box (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Harlequin drops a jack-in-the-box on the ground in a space adjacent to her, which immediately begins ticking. When the Harlequin would make an attack, she can choose to forgo making that attack and instead detonate the box. When detonated, the box explodes in a 20-foot-radius sphere of flame. Each creature in that area must succeed on a DC 24 Dexterity saving throw or take 14d6 fire damage, or half as much on a success. If a creature other than the Harlequin damages or touches the box, it immediately explodes."
		}, {
			name : "Stage Change (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The Harlequin recharges her Harlequin's Kiss action. If her Harlequin’s Kiss action is already recharged, she instead takes that action."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["the mocking blade"] = {

	name : "The Mocking Blade",

	source : [["ELCR", 180], ["ELHH", 261]],

	type : "weapon (dagger)",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 3,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "When I deal damage to a creature with this weapon, I may immediately take a bonus action to deal psychic damage to the target equal to half of the damage I dealt on the weapon attack.",

	descriptionFull : "This dagger has a wicked, curved blade and a jester's head on its handle. I gain a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magical weapon. When I deal damage to a creature with this weapon, I may immediately take a bonus action to deal psychic damage to the target equal to half of the damage I dealt on the weapon attack.",
}

CreatureList["starlight sentinel"] = {

	name : "Starlight Sentinel",

	source : [["ELCR", 180], ["ELHH", 264]],

	size : 1,

	type : "Construct",

	subtype : "Mythic Construct",

	alignment : "Lawful Neutral",

	ac : 26,

	hp : 1426,

	hd : [92, 12],

	speed : "40 ft, fly 120 ft",

	scores : [28, 18, 28, 14, 26, 6],

	saves : ["+18", "+13", "+18", "+11", "+17", "+6"],

	skills : {
		"insight" : 17,
		"nature" : 21,
		"perception" : 26
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "cold, poison, radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from Non-Epic creatures",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, grappled, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 36,

	languages : "Understands Druidic but can't speak it",

	challengeRating : "42",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Wing Attack (Crane Only)",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (10 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a creature, it is pushed 30 feet away from the crane.",
			modifiers : [13, 9, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Bite (Tiger Only)",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [18, 9, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Claw (Tiger Only)",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [3, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "If the target is a creature it must succeed on a DC 25 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.",
			modifiers : [16, 8, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Celestial Form",
			description : "The starlight sentinel is immune to any effect that would attempt to change its form, and its attacks are magical."
		}, {
			name : "Celestial Order",
			description : "The starlight sentinel is one creature but has four independent parts, each of which takes the form of a different animal: elk, serpent, crane, and tiger. Each form is composed of hundreds of tiny stars and is considered a Huge creature for the purposes of determining the space it occupies. Each form has its own actions and abilities, but because they are extensions of the sentinel’s body, they use its traits and statistics. Each animal form is completely immune to damage, hostile effects, and other abilities unless the sentinel chooses otherwise or is in possession of the prime star (see \"Prime Star\" in the sentinel's \"Mythic Actions\" section). If the forms are disrupted or somehow affected by a hostile source while not in possession of the prime star, they immediately recover from those effects. Each animal form acts on a specific initiative count (rather than rolling for initiative): crane on initiative count 16, tiger on initiative count 12, elk on initiative count 8, and serpent on initiative count 4. At all times, at least one form is in the possession of the \"Prime Star\", which is the sentinel’s essence. While an animal form is in possession of this essence, it is vulnerable, losing the aforementioned defensive properties conferred by this feature. If an animal form not in possession of the \"Prime Star\" is ever farther than 300 feet from the \"Prime Star\", the form instantly dissipates, reforming in the closest unoccupied space adjacent to the prime star at the end of its next initiative count. When the sentinel is slain, the animal forms dissipate."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "As a mythic creature, a starlight sentinel causes the following effects:\n   Ancient Purpose: The sentinels are charged by ancient Epic Magic with the defense of the material plane's natural environment. No known force can cause the sentinels to act against this directive, and any attempt to convince them otherwise automatically fails.\n   Celestial Watchers: If a starlight sentinel remains motionless while outside the material plane's atmosphere, it is indistinguishable from the stars in the sky. While in this state, a sentinel can see everything occurring on the material plane that is under the night sky, and has Epic Advantage on Perception checks.\n   Defenders of Nature: A starlight sentinel can choose to make any creature or object immune to the effects of its abilities, attacks, and features. Additionally, the sentinel deals quadruple damage to artificial objects and structuress."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), the sentinel takes a mythic action to cause one of the following effects. The sentinel can’t use the same effect two rounds in a row.\n   Prime Star: The prime star moves from its current animal form to another form of the sentinel’s choice. When an animal form comes into possession of the prime star, the damage of the sentinel’s \"Starfall\" Mythic Action increases by 2d8 radiant damage, to a maximum of 20d8. This increased damage is lost when the sentinel finishes a short or long rest.\n   Starfall: Stars begin to rain down around the sentinel in 1 mile radius centered on the sentinel. Creatures beneath the open sky in the area take 6d8 radiant damage."
		}, {
			name : "Heavenly Lightning (Only if in possession of the Prime Star, Crane Only)",
			description : "The crane creates a bolt of lightning that arcs toward a creature it can see within 300 feet, which must succeed on a DC 25 Dexterity saving throw or take 14d10 lightning damage, and the bolt arcs toward another creature the crane can see within 300 feet, which is subjected to the bolt's aforementioned effects. On a successful saving throw, the lightning damage is halved and the bolt does not hit an additional creature. The crane cannot target the same creature twice in a single turn with this feature."
		}, {
			name : "Wing Blast (Crane Only)",
			description : "The crane beats its wings and creates a line of strong wind 60 feet long and 15 feet wide in a direction of its choice. Each creature in that line must succeed on a DC 25 Strength saving throw or be pushed to the end of the line. This movement provokes attacks of opportunity from the sentinel's other animal forms within reach."
		}, {
			name : "Roar of Vengeance (Only if in possession of the Prime Star, Tiger Only)",
			description : "The tiger roars and can be heard up to 1 mile away. Each creature that can hear the roar must succeed on a DC 25 Wisdom saving throw or drop anything they are holding, fall prone, and remain prone until the end of their next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Arboreal Conversion (Only if in possession of the Prime Star, Elk Only)",
			description : "The elk casts the Epic spell arboreal metamorphosis at Tier 1."
		}, {
			name : "Tranquility (Recharge 5-6, Elk Only)",
			description : "The elk emits of wave of pacifying energy. Each enemy creature within 300 feet of the elk must succeed on a DC 25 Charisma saving throw or have its corporeal form banished to a realm of tranquility. While banished in this way, a creature’s speed is 0 and it is incapacitated. At the end of its next turn, a creature reappears in the space it vacated or in the nearest unoccupied space if that space is occupied."
		}, {
			name : "Constrict (Snake Only)",
			description : "The snakes makes a melee attack at a creature within 5 feet (+18 to hit), dealing 6d8 + 9 bludgeoning damage and grappling the target creature (escape DC 25). Until the grapple ends, the creature is restrained and the serpent can’t constrict another target. If the serpent successfully hits a creature it is grappling with this attack, it scores a critical hit."
		}, {
			name : "Noxious Bite (Only if in possession of the Prime Star, Snake Only)",
			description : "The snakes makes a melee attack at a creature within 15 feet (+18 to hit), dealing 10d6 + 9 piercing damage and 10d6 poison damage. The target creature must succeed on a DC 25 Constitution saving throw or become poisoned. While poisoned in this manner, the creature cannot benefit from Non-Epic spells or magical effects."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting (Elk Only)",
			description : "The starlight sentinel's spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 25, +17 to hit with spell attacks). If a spell requires concentration, the starlight sentinel does not need to maintain concentration to maintain the spell’s effects for its duration. The starlight sentinel elk animal form can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material, somatic, or verbal components:\n   At will (cast as a 6th-level spell): destructive wave, dispel magic, locate creature, moonbeam, scrying\n   3/day: antipathy/sympathy, storm of vengeance, sunburst\n   1/year: wish"
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["alacreus, spirit of the wind"] = {

	name : "Alacreus, Spirit of the Wind",

	source : [["ELCR", 180], ["ELHH", 267]],

	size : 3,

	type : "Beast",

	subtype : "Mythic Beast",

	alignment : "Lawful Neutral",

	ac : 26,

	hp : 1491,

	hd : [142, 8],

	speed : "150 ft",

	scores : [18, 28, 22, 16, 21, 24],

	saves : ["+13", "+18", "+15", "+13", "+14", "+16"],

	skills : {
		"acrobatics" : 27,
		"athletics" : 22,
		"perception" : 14,
		"survival" : 14,
	},

	senses : "Darkvision 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "force",

	damage_resistances : "bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-magical weapons",

	condition_immunities : "exhaustion, paralyzed, petrified, restrained, stunned",

	passivePerception : 36,

	languages : "Auran, Common, Elvish, Sylvan",

	challengeRating : "43",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Impact",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [18, 9, ""],
		}, {
			name : "Wind Blast",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 6, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (500 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [18, 9, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Lightning Reflexes",
			description : "Alacreus has incredible reflexes, granting it the following benefits:\n   Attack rolls against Alacreus have Epic Disadvantage unless Alacreus is incapacitated.\n   Alacreus has Epic Advantage on Dexterity saving throws.\n   Alacreus can move along vertical surfaces and across liquid surfaces without falling.\n   Alacreus can take a bonus action to take the Dash, Dodge, or Disengage actions."
		}, {
			name : "Too Fast, Too Quick (1/round)",
			description : "If Alacreus would attempt a saving throw that is not a Dexterity saving throw, it may attempt a Dexterity saving throw instead."
		}, {
			name : "True Freedom of Movement",
			description : "Alacreus ignores difficult terrain, and magical effects can’t reduce its speed or cause it to be paralyzed, restrained, or stunned. It can spend movement to escape non-Deific restraints or a grapple from a non-Deific source."
		}, {
			name : "Velocity (1/turn)",
			description : "If Alacreus moves in a straight line and immediately makes an attack at the end of that movement, the attack deals an extra 1d8 thunder damage for every 10 feet of movement spent. If the extra damage dealt by this feature is 10d8 or greater, the target must succeed on a DC 26 Constitution saving throw or be knocked unconscious until the start of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "As a mythic creature, Alacreus possesses the following traits:\n   Inconceivable Speed: On its turn, if Alacreus spends all its movement to move in a straight line and takes no other actions, its speed increases by 150 ft. until it does not move in the continuous straight line or until it takes any actions. This effect is cumulative and cannot increase Alacreus's speed to more than 1,000 ft.\n   Planesrunner: If Alacreus travels 1,000 or more ft. in a straight line, it accelerates to such speed that the barriers between planes break down. At the end of that movement Alacreus leaves its current plane and appears on another plane of its choice, though it cannot arrive at a specific destination, instead appearing at a random unoccupied space that is not inside a structure. This is a nonmagical effect caused by the physics of the hound’s speed.\n   The Fastest There Is: Alacreus’s speed is so extraordinary that it gains special benefits in combat. When Alacreus would roll initiative, it instead acts on specific initiative counts. In each round of combat, Alacreus takes two turns, the first on initiative count 30, and the second on initiative count 10."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), Alacreus takes one of the following mythic actions. Alacreus cannot use the same effect two rounds in a row.\n   Charge Up: Alacreus' movement charges itself with electricity until the end of its next turn. While under this effect, when Alacreus moves within 5 feet of a creature for the first time on its turn, the creature must succeed on a DC 26 Dexterity saving throw or take 10d8 lightning damage, or half as much on a success.\n   Getting Excited: At the start of the next round, Alacreus gains an additional turn. This turn can only occur on an initiative count of 5, 15, or 25, and no two turns can occur on the same initiative count. Additional turns gained from this feature are lost after 24 hours or when Alacreus finishes a short or long rest."
		}, {
			name : "Distorting Vibrations",
			description : "Until the end of its next turn, Alacreus' speed is halved, but it is immune to the effects of non-Epic spells, and Non-Epic spells cannot reduce or prevent damage dealt by Alacreus."
		}, {
			name : "Whirlwind",
			description : "Alacreus spins in place, generating a cylinder-shaped whirlwind that is 200 feet tall with a 50-foot radius until the start of its next turn. The whirlwind sucks up any Huge or smaller objects that aren't secured to anything and that aren't worn or carried. Each creature in the effect's area must succeed on a DC 26 Strength saving throw or take 10d6 bludgeoning damage, or half as much on a success. In addition, a Gargantuan or smaller creature that fails the saving throw becomes restrained and is pulled to top of the whirlwind. The whirlwind lasts until the start of the next round."
		}, {
			name : "Quick Dodge",
			description : "When Alacreus takes damage, it can take a reaction to move up to 50 feet away from the source of the damage."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["abaddon, supreme adjudicator"] = {

	name : "Abaddon, Supreme Adjudicator",

	source : [["ELCR", 183], ["ELHH", 273]],

	size : 1,

	type : "Fiend",

	subtype : "Mythic Fiend (Devil)",

	alignment : "Lawful Evil",

	ac : 25,

	hp : 1701,

	hd : [126, 12],

	speed : "0 ft",

	scores : [22, 5, 24, 28, 33, 24],

	saves : ["+15", "+6", "+16", "+18", "+20", "+15"],

	skills : {
		"arcana" : 18,
		"history" : 18,
		"insight" : 20,
		"intimidation" : 16,
		"investigation" : 26,
		"perception" : 20
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "fire, poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from Non-Epic creatures",

	damage_resistances : "cold damage",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, frightened, prone",

	passivePerception : 30,

	languages : "Infernal, Telepathy 120 ft",

	challengeRating : "44",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Condemnation",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "The target becomes guilty",
			modifiers : [15, 6, ""],
			tooltip : "If the target is already guilty, it must succeed on a DC 24 Constitution saving throw or be knocked unconscious until the end of its next turn.\n\nGuilty:\n   A guilty creature is vulnerable to damage dealt by other creatures.\n   A guilty creature cannot willingly move away from the source of its guilt.\n   When a guilty creature is slain, it cannot be restored to life until it atones for its guilt."
		}, {
			name : "Contempt of the Court",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 6, "fire"],
			range : "Melee or Ranged (5 ft or 300 ft)",
			description : "The target takes an additional 4d6 psychic damage",
			modifiers : [20, "", ""],
			tooltip : "Abaddon can choose to channel this attack against that creature for as long as he has a free hand and the target remains within range of the attack. Each time Abaddon makes this attack while channeling and misses, he instead hits. Each time Abaddon hits a creature against which he has channeled this attack, the damage of the attack increases by 2d6 fire damage and 2d6 psychic damage, to a maximum of 40d6 fire damage and 40d6 psychic damage. This extra damage is lost when the channel ends."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Lord of the Court (5/day)",
			description : "When Abaddon fails a saving throw, he can choose to succeed instead. If Abaddon succeeds on a saving throw in this manner and suffers an effect on a success, he instead suffers no effect."
		}, {
			name : "Magic Immunity",
			description : "Abaddon is immune to the effects of Non-Epic spells cast by creatures suffering from the guilty condition."
		}, {
			name : "Master Adjucator",
			description : "When Abaddon attempts an Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma ability check and rolls a 14 or lower, he instead rolls a 15. Additionally, Abaddon always rolls a 20 on Insight checks."
		}, {
			name : "The Guilty Will Suffer",
			description : "Many of Abaddon's actions can cause a target to become guilty in the eyes of the court. This is a special condition that can only be removed by the methods detailed here. When a creature fails a saving throw against Abaddon, it can choose to automatically succeed instead. If it does so, it gains the guilty condition. A creature suffering from the guilty condition cannot benefit from this effect. A creature can remove the guilty condition gained from Abaddon by taking no actions and spending no movement on its turn. A creature instead spends that time begging for forgiveness from a higher power and may attempt a DC 20 Deception or Persuasion ability check, ending the condition on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "As a mythic creature, Abaddon causes the following effects:\n   Astaroth: Abaddon administers justice through his high executioner Astaroth, who serves him unquestioningly in all commands (no action required to give Astaroth a directive). Astaroth cannot act or be forced to act in any way unless commanded directly by Abaddon.\n   Legal Protection: Those wishing to combat Abaddon and Astaroth must declare legal intention to do so. This is an extensive process and requires filing a lawsuit detailing the charges as well as the punishment sought. Anyone attempting to prosecute Abaddon can also request trial by combat, which Abaddon almost never turns down. While a phenomenal challenge, Abaddon’s countless millennia of experience in interplanar law make this the only real avenue for victory. If a non-Deific creature attempts to attack, injure, or otherwise behave in an overtly hostile manner toward Abaddon without going through the proper paperwork, its attempt automatically fails and Abaddon becomes immune to any effect produced by that creature unless he chooses otherwise.\n   Rule of Law: Abaddon’s high court is one of the highest authorities in the multiverse. Creatures in the courtroom that would break one of the following rules take 6d6 fire damage and then are magically prevented from breaking the rule in question. This damage and the rules themselves are Deific effects that cannot be circumvented by any means. The rules of Abaddon's court are lengthy and impossible to list within a single mortal book, but some examples are as follows:\n     Attorney-Client Privelage: If a client is found guilty, the client's attorney shares the client’s fate.\n     Follow Protocol: To take a reaction, a creature must first declare \"Objection!\". Supreme Adjudicator Abaddon must be addressed as \"Your Honor.\"\n     Honesty is the Best Policy: Speak the truth and only the truth. Especially if it hurts.\n     Order in the Court: Spectators cannot interfere in a trial but may place wagers on the outcome.\n     Pay Your Dues: All bribes must be submitted before the trial begins."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), Abaddon takes a mythic action to cause one of the following effects. Abaddon can't use the same effect twice in a row.\n   Command Astaroth: Astaroth immediately takes a turn. If Astaroth is dead when Abaddon takes this action, it is restored to life at full HP, appearing in an unoccupied space Abaddon can see within 30 feet of him. This is a Deific effect.\n   Incarcerate: Abaddon targets a Huge or smaller guilty creature he can see, imprisoning the target within a cube-shaped cage of hellfire. The cage is up to 15 feet tall and is made from half-inch-diameter bars spaced half an inch apart. A guilty creature completely inside the cage takes 3d10 fire damage and 3d10 vile damage at the start of each of its turns, and it is prevented from leaving the cage by any physical or magical means. If a creature inside the cage is not guilty at the start of its turn, the cage vanishes.\n   Wages of Sin: Each creature in combat with Abaddon must succeed on a DC 28 Wisdom saving throw or take 20d8 points of psychic damage, or half as much on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Final Verdict (Recharge 6)",
			description : "Each creature of Abaddon's choice within 1 mile of him is guilty, and Abaddon's allies within the area immediately become aware of affected creatures' exact locations."
		}, {
			name : "Request a Recess (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "Abaddon emits a pulse of powerful Epic antimagic in a 30-foot radius centered on himself. Each Epic Spell and magical effect of Tier 2 or lower in the area ends, along with the effects of all Non-Epic spells and Non-Epic magical effects in the area. If Abaddon would be prevented from taking this action by any means, he can instead take this action."
		}, {
			name : "Courtroom Privileges (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Abaddon magically teleports to an unoccupied space he can see within 100 ft., and Astaroth may move up to its speed."
		}, {
			name : "Cross Examination (Legendary Action)",
			description : "A creature Abaddon can see within 300 ft. of him must succeed on a DC 28 Charisma saving throw or become guilty."
		}, {
			name : "Judgement (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Abaddon makes a single attack, or he commands Astaroth to take a reaction and make a single attack."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "Abaddon’s innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 28, +20 to hit with spell attacks). Abaddon automatically succeeds on Constitution saving throws to maintain concentration on his spells. He can innately cast the following spells using his book of hellish law, Malleus, as a spellcasting focus:\n   At will (cast as a 7th-level spell): fireball, hellish rebuke, wall of fire\n   5/day: feeblemind, gate, meteor swarm\n   3/day (cast as a Tier 2 Epic Spell): hideous mandate, storm of torment, wave of calamity\n   1/day (cast as a Tier 3 Epic Spell): crown of vermin\nAbaddon can also cast a spell as a Legendary Action."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["astaroth"] = {

	name : "Astaroth",

	source : [["ELCR", 185], ["ELHH", 277]],

	size : 2,

	type : "Fiend",

	subtype : "Epic Fiend (Devil)",

	alignment : "Lawful Evil",

	ac : 21,

	hp : 462,

	hd : [37, 10],

	speed : "40 ft",

	scores : [28, 12, 24, 8, 14, 4],

	saves : ["+16", "", "+14", "", "+9", ""],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 23,
		"perception" : 9
	},

	senses : "Astaroth is blind but is able to perfectly perceive everything that Abaddon can",

	damage_immunities : "fire, poison",

	damage_resistances : "cold; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 30,

	languages : "Understands Infernal but can only speak the word \"Objection\"",

	challengeRating : "34",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Hellglaive",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 12, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [16, 9, ""],
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Decapitator",
			description : "Astaroth's attacks are magical. When Astaroth attacks a Non-Deific creature with at least one head with its Hellglaive and scores a critical hit, it cuts off the creature's head. A creature that would survive this effect takes an extra 10d12 slashing damage from the hit."
		}, {
			name : "Long Arm of the Law",
			description : "When Astaroth makes an opportunity attack and scores a hit, it can take an additional reaction until the start of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Unrelenting Executioner",
			description : "If Astaroth is prevented from taking an action, it can instead take that action if commanded to do so by Abaddon."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Brutal Charge",
			description : "Astaroth moves up to double its speed in a straight line. Any Large or smaller creatures caught in the path must succeed on a DC 24 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone and pushed to the end of Astaroth's movement. Any Non-Epic spells or magical effects that would prevent Astaroth’s movement during the charge immediately end."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["orundyr the deathless"] = {

	name : "Orundyr the Deathless",

	source : [["ELCR", 188], ["ELHH", 282]],

	size : 2,

	type : "Celestial",

	subtype : "Mythic Celestial",

	alignment : "Chaotic Neutral",

	ac : 26,

	hp : 300,

	hd : [24, 10],

	speed : "50 ft, fly 150 ft",

	scores : [26, 16, 24, 18, 22, 20],

	saves : ["+18", "+13", "+17", "+14", "+16", "+15"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 18,
		"intimidation" : 15,
		"perception" : 16
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "necrotic, poison",

	damage_resistances : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Deific creatures",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 26,

	languages : "All Non-Epic languages, Telepathy 120 ft",

	challengeRating : "33",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [""],

	traits : [{
			name : "Bastion of Fate",
			description : "When Orundyr or an ally within 5 feet of it would take damage, Orundyr may use its reaction to instead halve that damage. Orundyr or the affected ally are immune to damage for the remainder of that turn."
		}, {
			name : "Shield of the Council",
			description : "On each of its turns, Orundyr can forgo taking its action and bonus action to gain the use of an additional reaction for each action it forgoes. These extra reactions are lost at the start of Orundyr’s next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Spell Reflection",
			description : "When Orundyr or an ally within 5 feet of it is targeted by a spell, it can take a reaction to reflect the spell back at its caster. Orundyr attempts a Charisma (Intimidation) ability check against the caster’s spell save DC. On a success, the caster is targeted by the spell instead."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "The council is a collection of Epic creatures of such strength that together they are considered a mythic creature as a group, granting each member the following benefits:\n   Bonds of Fate: Each member except for Alkyon has their life force bound to the others. As long as these four are within 1 mile of each other, they gain the following benefits:\n     If one of the four would be slain while at least one other has 1 or more hit points, it is instead reduced to 0 hit points and is unconscious until the other three are reduced to 0 hit points. When this occurs, the four members of the council are slain.\n     Additionally, when any of the four starts their turns with 0 hit points and another of the four within range has 100 or more hit points, the former may regain 100 or more hit points and the latter loses an equivalent amount of hit points. This damage cannot be prevented by any means, and a council member’s hit points cannot be reduced to 0 using this feature.\n   Godslayers: When the council is affected by a Deific effect, it is instead treated as an Epic effect, and deities cannot directly influence the area within 1 mile of a member of the council.\n   Vows of Alligence: If a member of the council takes damage, the other members are aware of the occurrence and the nature of the damaging effect. When this occurs, each council member other than Alkyon may immediately magically teleport to an unoccupied space within 100 feet of the damaged council member across any distance or planar boundary. This is a Deific effect that cannot be prevented by any known means. Once a member of the council uses this feature, it must finish a long rest before it can do so again. If the four members of the council are defeated, the archangel Alkyon immediately appears in an unoccupied space within 300 feet of the site of the council’s defeat. If Alkyon finishes a long rest and the other members of the council are slain, they are restored to life with all of their hit points in unoccupied spaces within 100 feet of Alkyon."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Defensive Formation",
			description : "As a bonus action, Orundyr gains a +5 bonus to its armor class until the start of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Divine Comet",
			description : "Orundyr magically teleports to a space 200 feet above an unoccupied space it can see within 300 feet and falls. Each creature within 15 feet of where it lands must succeed on a DC 26 Dexterity saving throw or take 10d6 bludgeoning damage and 10d6 radiant damage and be knocked prone. A successful saving throw halves the damage."
		}, {
			name : "Restorative Touch",
			description : "Orundyr touches another creature. The target magically regains 20d6 hit points and is cured of any non-Epic curses, diseases, poisons, blindness, or deafness."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["baenderoth the conqueror"] = {

	name : "Baenderoth the Conqueror",

	source : [["ELCR", 188], ["ELHH", 281]],

	size : 2,

	type : "Celestial",

	subtype : "Mythic Celestial",

	alignment : "Chaotic Neutral",

	ac : 21,

	hp : 262,

	hd : [21, 10],

	speed : "50 ft, fly 150 ft",

	scores : [14, 26, 24, 18, 22, 20],

	saves : ["+12", "+18", "+17", "+14", "+16", "+15"],

	skills : {
		"stealth" : 18,
		"perception" : 26
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "necrotic, poison",

	damage_resistances : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Deific creatures",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 36,

	languages : "All Non-Epic languages, Telepathy 120 ft",

	challengeRating : "33",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 2,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Celestial Greatbow",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (360/1440 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 5d10 radiant damage",
			modifiers : [18, 8, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Angelic Movement",
			description : "Baenderoth ignores difficult terrain, and magical effects can’t reduce its speed or cause it to be restrained. On each of its turns, it can spend 25 feet of movement to become immune to an effect that would reduce its speed or prevent it from spending movement until the end of that turn."
		}, {
			name : "Sancified Weapons",
			description : "Baenderoth’s attacks are magical. When it hits with any weapon, the weapon deals an extra 5d10 radiant damage."
		}, {
			name : "Steady Aim",
			description : "If Baenderoth does not expend movement or leave its space on its turn, its first attack that turn deals an additional 10d10 lightning damage."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "The council is a collection of Epic creatures of such strength that together they are considered a mythic creature as a group, granting each member the following benefits:\n   Bonds of Fate: Each member except for Alkyon has their life force bound to the others. As long as these four are within 1 mile of each other, they gain the following benefits:\n     If one of the four would be slain while at least one other has 1 or more hit points, it is instead reduced to 0 hit points and is unconscious until the other three are reduced to 0 hit points. When this occurs, the four members of the council are slain.\n     Additionally, when any of the four starts their turns with 0 hit points and another of the four within range has 100 or more hit points, the former may regain 100 or more hit points and the latter loses an equivalent amount of hit points. This damage cannot be prevented by any means, and a council member’s hit points cannot be reduced to 0 using this feature.\n   Godslayers: When the council is affected by a Deific effect, it is instead treated as an Epic effect, and deities cannot directly influence the area within 1 mile of a member of the council.\n   Vows of Alligence: If a member of the council takes damage, the other members are aware of the occurrence and the nature of the damaging effect. When this occurs, each council member other than Alkyon may immediately magically teleport to an unoccupied space within 100 feet of the damaged council member across any distance or planar boundary. This is a Deific effect that cannot be prevented by any known means. Once a member of the council uses this feature, it must finish a long rest before it can do so again. If the four members of the council are defeated, the archangel Alkyon immediately appears in an unoccupied space within 300 feet of the site of the council’s defeat. If Alkyon finishes a long rest and the other members of the council are slain, they are restored to life with all of their hit points in unoccupied spaces within 100 feet of Alkyon."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Volley (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "Baenderoth fires innumerable arrows into the sky that rain down in a cylinder that is 50 feet tall with a 200-foot radius centered on a point it can see. Each creature in the area must succeed on a DC 26 Dexterity saving throw or take 20d6 points of piercing damage, or half as much on a success. A creature that fails this saving throw by 10 or more takes double damage."
		}, {
			name : "Seeking Shot",
			description : "As a bonus action, Baenderoth empowers its next attack that turn with unerring precision. Creatures within range of the attack cannot have total cover from the attack, and if the attack misses, Baenderoth can turn the miss into a hit."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["feathyn the ravager"] = {

	name : "Feathyn the Ravager",

	source : [["ELCR", 189], ["ELHH", 281]],

	size : 2,

	type : "Celestial",

	subtype : "Mythic Celestial",

	alignment : "Chaotic Neutral",

	ac : 21,

	hp : 275,

	hd : [22, 10],

	speed : "50 ft, fly 150 ft",

	scores : [14, 26, 24, 18, 22, 20],

	saves : ["+12", "+18", "+17", "+14", "+16", "+15"],

	skills : {
		"stealth" : 28,
		"perception" : 16
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "necrotic, poison",

	damage_resistances : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Deific creatures",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 26,

	languages : "All Non-Epic languages, Telepathy 120 ft",

	challengeRating : "33",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Poisonous Caress (Recharge 6)",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [20, 10, "poison"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "",
			modifiers : [18, "", ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Venom Spear",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [6, 6, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee or Ranged (10 ft or 30/60 ft)",
			description : "The target must succeed on a DC 26 Constitution saving throw or become vulnerable to all damage for 1 minute.",
			modifiers : [18, 8, ""],
			tooltip : "An affected creature can repeat this saving throw at the end of each of its turns to end the effect."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Deathstrike",
			description : "Feathyn deals double damage to creatures that cannot see it."
		}, {
			name : "Invisible",
			description : "Feathyn is invisible unless it chooses not to be."
		}, {
			name : "Stealthy",
			description : "On each of its turns, Feathyn can use a bonus action to take the Hide action."
		}, {
			name : "Toxic Ravages",
			description : "When Feathyn deals damage to a creature, the target must succeed on a DC 26 Constitution saving throw or have its hit point maximum reduced by an amount equal to the damage dealt. Creatures immune to the poisoned condition have Epic advantage on the saving throw. This effect ends if a creature benefits from an Epic effect that restores more than 50 hit points or would remove the poisoned condition."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "The council is a collection of Epic creatures of such strength that together they are considered a mythic creature as a group, granting each member the following benefits:\n   Bonds of Fate: Each member except for Alkyon has their life force bound to the others. As long as these four are within 1 mile of each other, they gain the following benefits:\n     If one of the four would be slain while at least one other has 1 or more hit points, it is instead reduced to 0 hit points and is unconscious until the other three are reduced to 0 hit points. When this occurs, the four members of the council are slain.\n     Additionally, when any of the four starts their turns with 0 hit points and another of the four within range has 100 or more hit points, the former may regain 100 or more hit points and the latter loses an equivalent amount of hit points. This damage cannot be prevented by any means, and a council member’s hit points cannot be reduced to 0 using this feature.\n   Godslayers: When the council is affected by a Deific effect, it is instead treated as an Epic effect, and deities cannot directly influence the area within 1 mile of a member of the council.\n   Vows of Alligence: If a member of the council takes damage, the other members are aware of the occurrence and the nature of the damaging effect. When this occurs, each council member other than Alkyon may immediately magically teleport to an unoccupied space within 100 feet of the damaged council member across any distance or planar boundary. This is a Deific effect that cannot be prevented by any known means. Once a member of the council uses this feature, it must finish a long rest before it can do so again. If the four members of the council are defeated, the archangel Alkyon immediately appears in an unoccupied space within 300 feet of the site of the council’s defeat. If Alkyon finishes a long rest and the other members of the council are slain, they are restored to life with all of their hit points in unoccupied spaces within 100 feet of Alkyon."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["gurthox the incarcerator"] = {

	name : "Gurthox the Incarcerator",

	source : [["ELCR", 189], ["ELHH", 282]],

	size : 2,

	type : "Celestial",

	subtype : "Mythic Celestial",

	alignment : "Chaotic Neutral",

	ac : 24,

	hp : 275,

	hd : [22, 10],

	speed : "50 ft, fly 150 ft",

	scores : [14, 26, 24, 27, 18, 20],

	saves : ["+12", "+18", "+17", "+18", "+14", "+15"],

	skills : {
		"arcana" : 18,
		"religion" : 18,
		"perception" : 14
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "necrotic, poison",

	damage_resistances : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Deific creatures",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 24,

	languages : "All Non-Epic languages, Telepathy 120 ft",

	challengeRating : "33",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [""],

	traits : [{
			name : "Binding Magic",
			description : "When a creature Gurthox can see successfully counters or dispels a spell it cast (such as with dispel magic or counterspell), Gurthox can use its reaction to expend an additional use of that spell and cause the countering or dispelling effect to instead fail."
		}, {
			name : "Steady Mind",
			description : "Alkyon automatically succeeds on Constitution saving throws to maintain concentration on spells and magical effects."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "The council is a collection of Epic creatures of such strength that together they are considered a mythic creature as a group, granting each member the following benefits:\n   Bonds of Fate: Each member except for Alkyon has their life force bound to the others. As long as these four are within 1 mile of each other, they gain the following benefits:\n     If one of the four would be slain while at least one other has 1 or more hit points, it is instead reduced to 0 hit points and is unconscious until the other three are reduced to 0 hit points. When this occurs, the four members of the council are slain.\n     Additionally, when any of the four starts their turns with 0 hit points and another of the four within range has 100 or more hit points, the former may regain 100 or more hit points and the latter loses an equivalent amount of hit points. This damage cannot be prevented by any means, and a council member’s hit points cannot be reduced to 0 using this feature.\n   Godslayers: When the council is affected by a Deific effect, it is instead treated as an Epic effect, and deities cannot directly influence the area within 1 mile of a member of the council.\n   Vows of Alligence: If a member of the council takes damage, the other members are aware of the occurrence and the nature of the damaging effect. When this occurs, each council member other than Alkyon may immediately magically teleport to an unoccupied space within 100 feet of the damaged council member across any distance or planar boundary. This is a Deific effect that cannot be prevented by any known means. Once a member of the council uses this feature, it must finish a long rest before it can do so again. If the four members of the council are defeated, the archangel Alkyon immediately appears in an unoccupied space within 300 feet of the site of the council’s defeat. If Alkyon finishes a long rest and the other members of the council are slain, they are restored to life with all of their hit points in unoccupied spaces within 100 feet of Alkyon."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Grand Magic (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "Gurthox casts a spell with a casting time greater than an action."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Spellcasting",
			description : "Gurthox is a 24th-level spellcaster. Its spellcasting ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 26, +18 to hit with spell attacks). Gurthox can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components:\n   At will: detect evil and good, forbiddance, hold monster, magic circle, sacred flame\n   6/day: banishment, planar binding, symbol\n   4/day: imprisonment, power word stun\n   2/day: exalted brand of absolution, force armor"
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["alkyon the ascended"] = {

	name : "Alkyon the Ascended",

	source : [["ELCR", 190], ["ELHH", 280]],

	size : 2,

	type : "Celestial",

	subtype : "Mythic Celestial",

	alignment : "Chaotic Neutral",

	ac : 25,

	hp : 1037,

	hd : [83, 10],

	speed : "50 ft, fly 150 ft",

	scores : [20, 24, 24, 27, 18, 20],

	saves : ["+12", "+18", "+17", "+18", "+14", "+15"],

	skills : {
		"arcana" : 18,
		"insight" : 14,
		"religion" : 18,
		"perception" : 24
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "necrotic, poison",

	damage_resistances : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Deific creatures",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, exhaustion, frightened, poisoned",

	passivePerception : 34,

	languages : "All Non-Epic languages, Telepathy 120 ft",

	challengeRating : "45",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Greatsword",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 6, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (5 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 6d8 radiant damage",
			modifiers : [15, 8, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Celestial Greatbow",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [2, 10, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (360/1440 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 5d10 radiant damage",
			modifiers : [17, 7, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Aura of Glory",
			description : "Each enemy creature within a 15-foot radius of Alkyon cannot be resistant or immune to radiant damage. At the start of each of its turns, Alkyon may increase the radius of this effect by 15 feet, to a maximum of 300 feet. This increased radius is lost when Alkyon finishes a short or long rest."
		}, {
			name : "Bastion of Fate",
			description : "When Alkyon would take damage, it may use its reaction to instead halve that damage. For the remainder of that turn, Alkyon becomes immune to all damage."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Reslience",
			description : "When Alkyon fails a saving throw, it can expend one of its available legendary actions to succeed instead."
		}, {
			name : "Sanctified Weapons",
			description : "Alkyon’s attacks are magical. When it hits with any weapon, the weapon deals an extra 5d10 radiant damage."
		}, {
			name : "Steady Mind",
			description : "Alkyon automatically succeeds on Constitution saving throws to maintain concentration on spells and magical effects."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "The council is a collection of Epic creatures of such strength that together they are considered a mythic creature as a group, granting each member the following benefits:\n   Godslayers: When the council is affected by a Deific effect, it is instead treated as an Epic effect, and deities cannot directly influence the area within 1 mile of a member of the council.\n   Vows of Alligence: If a member of the council takes damage, the other members are aware of the occurrence and the nature of the damaging effect. When this occurs, each council member other than Alkyon may immediately magically teleport to an unoccupied space within 100 feet of the damaged council member across any distance or planar boundary. This is a Deific effect that cannot be prevented by any known means. Once a member of the council uses this feature, it must finish a long rest before it can do so again. If the four members of the council are defeated, the archangel Alkyon immediately appears in an unoccupied space within 300 feet of the site of the council’s defeat. If Alkyon finishes a long rest and the other members of the council are slain, they are restored to life with all of their hit points in unoccupied spaces within 100 feet of Alkyon."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Divine Comet",
			description : "Alkyon magically teleports to a space 200 feet above an unoccupied space it can see within 300 feet and falls. Each creature within 15 feet of the point where it lands must succeed on a DC 26 Dexterity saving throw or take 10d6 bludgeoning damage and 10d6 radiant damage and be knocked prone. A successful saving throw halves the damage. This can also be used as a Legendary Action."
		}, {
			name : "Judgement of Janon (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "Alkyon calls down a beam of force from the sky. Each creature in a cylinder 1 mile high with a 5-foot radius centered on a point Alkyon can see must succeed on a DC 26 Constitution saving throw or take force damage equal to half its hit point maximum. A creature reduced to 0 hit points by this damage is disintegrated."
		}, {
			name : "Cast a Spell (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Alkyon casts a non-Epic spell."
		}, {
			name : "Blessing of Power (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Alkyon entreats a mysterious entity for aid, automatically recharging its Judgement of Janon action."
		}, {
			name : "Strike (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Alkyon moves up to 50 feet and makes a single weapon attack."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "Alkyon is a 24th-level spellcaster. Its spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 26, +18 to hit with spell attacks). Alkyon can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components:\n   At will: dawn, dispel magic, flame strike, wall of light\n   6/day: globe of invulnerability, planeshift, teleport\n   4/day: earthquake, sunburst, whirlwind\n   2/day: celestial tempest, Mera’s Miraculous Lightning Leap"
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["polaris, the arctic star"] = {

	name : "Polaris, the Arctic Star",

	source : [["ELCR", 192], ["ELHH", 284]],

	size : 1,

	type : "Elemental",

	subtype : "Mythic Elemental",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 27,

	hp : 2695,

	hd : [154, 12],

	speed : "fly 20 ft",

	scores : [16, 14, 32, 26, 28, 1],

	saves : ["+14", "", "+22", "+19", "+20", "+6"],

	skills : {
		"arcana" : 17,
		"investigation" : 26,
		"perception" : 18
	},

	senses : "Truesight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "cold, poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Epic creatures",

	damage_resistances : "fire",

	damage_vulnerabilities : "thunder",

	passivePerception : 28,

	languages : "Unknown",

	challengeRating : "46",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [""],

	traits : [{
			name : "Alien Mind",
			description : "When Polaris casts a spell that requires concentration, it does not need to concentrate on the spell to maintain its effects for the duration."
		}, {
			name : "Crystalline Lattice",
			description : "If Polaris takes the Dodge action, its body becomes as hard as diamond. While benefiting from the Dodge action, when Polaris takes 100 or more damage from a creature in a single turn, it instead takes 100 damage and becomes immune to damage from that creature for the remainder of that turn."
		}, {
			name : "Icy Embrace (1/round)",
			description : "When Polaris deals cold damage to a creature, it may attempt to freeze that creature solid. The affected creature must succeed on a DC 28 Strength saving throw or gain the frozen condition (escape DC 28)."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Resilience",
			description : "If Polaris fails a saving throw, it can expend the use of one of its unspent legendary actions to succeed instead. If Polaris would be prevented from taking an action by any means, it can expend the use of one of its legendary actions to instead take that action."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "As a mythic creature, Polaris causes the following effects:\n   Artic Terraforming: If Polaris remains in a 10-mile-cube area for 1 week, it magically transforms the local weather into a permanent arctic winter. Massive pillars of ice more than 200 feet tall form throughout the area. While these ice pillars exist, creatures and objects in the area have resistance to fire damage, and the terraforming effect cannot be prevented or reversed by any means.\n   Heart of Winter: The area within 10 miles of Polaris is imbued with supernatural cold beyond the harshest winter. Creatures other than Polaris in the area that would be immune to cold damage are instead resistant. Additionally, the temperature of the environment in the area can never be above 0 degrees Celsius for more than 1 round, and any flames persisting beyond this duration (magical or otherwise) are extinguished. This is a Deific effect."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), Polaris takes one of the following mythic actions. Polaris can use the same effect multiple rounds in a row.\n   Pillars of Frost: Polaris causes up to four pillars of ice to burst from points on the ground that it can see within 200 feet of it. Each pillar is a cylinder that has a diameter of 10 feet and a height of up to 100 feet which tapers to a sharp point. The ground where the pillar appears must be wide enough for its diameter, and Polaris can target the ground under a creature if that creature is Large or smaller. Each pillar has an AC of 5 and 200 hit points. When reduced to 0 hit points, a pillar crumbles into rubble which creates difficult terrain in the area the pillar occupied. If a pillar is created under a creature, that creature must succeed on a DC 28 Dexterity saving throw or be impaled by the pillar and pushed to its apex. A successful saving throw prevents the effect and moves the creature to the nearest unoccupied space. An impaled creature takes 10d10 piercing damage and is restrained for as long as it remains impaled by the pillar. An impaled creature can use an action to attempt a DC 28 Strength or Dexterity check (the creature’s choice). On a success the creature is no longer restrained and must either move off the pillar or fall off it.\n   Polar Ray Burst: When Polaris casts a spell on each of its turns, it also instantly casts the spell polar ray. This effect can occur only once per turn and lasts until Polaris finishes a short or long rest. Each time it takes this action, the number of times Polaris can cast polar ray in this manner on each of its turns increases by one, to a maximum of ten times per turn."
		}, {
			name : "Arcane Artillery",
			description : "Polaris increases the range of any spells it casts this turn to 1 mile."
		}, {
			name : "Coldlight",
			description : "Polaris emits a blast of light in a 90-foot cone. Creatures in the affected area must attempt a DC 28 Wisdom saving throw. On a failure, the creature cannot be resistant to cold damage and cannot be invisible for 1 minute."
		}, {
			name : "Freeze Magic (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "Polaris emits a blast of cold in a 100-foot radius centered on itself. This cold is so intense that it can freeze magic itself. Any spells or magical effects not produced by Polaris within the area have their effects suppressed until the end of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Lock On",
			description : "Polaris targets one creature it can see, locking on with perfect precision. A targeted creature cannot be hidden from Polaris, and Polaris’s attacks against the creature ignore cover and always score a hit. This effect ends if Polaris takes this action to lock onto another creature."
		}, {
			name : "Cast a Spell (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Polaris casts a non-Epic spell."
		}, {
			name : "Harden (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Polaris takes the Dodge action."
		}, {
			name : "Icy Doom (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Each creature frozen by Polaris within 300 feet of it must succeed on a DC 26 Constitution saving throw or die."
		}, {
			name : "Snipe (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Until the end of its next turn, the next successful attack Polaris makes scores a critical hit."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "Polaris’s spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 28, +20 to hit with spell attacks). Polaris can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material, somatic, or verbal components:\n   At will (cast as an 8th-level spell): cone of cold, control weather, dimension door, ice storm, polar ray, wall of ice\n   5/day: flash freeze (tier 3), torrential avalanche (tier 2)"
		}
	]
};

SpellsList["polar ray"] = {

	name : "Polar Ray",

	regExpSearch : /^(?=.*polar)(?=.*ray).*$/i,

	source : [["ELCR", 193], ["ELHH", 285]],

	classes : ["druid", "sorcerer", "wizard"],

	level : 8,

	school : "Evoc",

	time : "1 a",

	range : "500 ft",

	components : "V,S,M",

	compMaterial : "The eye of a frost worm",

	duration : "Instantaneous",

	description : "A frigid beam of white light lances from your hand at one creature within range.",

	descriptionFull : "A frigid beam of white light lances from your hand at one creature within range. I make a ranged spell attack against the target. On a hit, the creature takes 14d8 cold damage, and if the creature was not immune or resistant to the damage, it must succeed on a Constitution saving throw. On a failure, the creature becomes chilled until the end of its next turn; its speed is halved and it cannot take bonus actions or reactions.",
}

CreatureList["time weaver"] = {

	name : "Time Weaver",

	source : [["ELCR", 194], ["ELHH", 287]],

	size : 3,

	type : "Aberration",

	subtype : "Mythic Aberration",

	alignment : "Neutral",

	ac : 26,

	hp : 2291,

	hd : [158, 10],

	speed : "0 ft, fly 30 ft",

	scores : [12, 22, 28, 34, 24, 18],

	saves : ["+12", "+17", "+20", "+23", "+17", "+15"],

	skills : {
		"history" : 34,
		"insight" : 17,
		"perception" : 17
	},

	senses : "Chronosight 300 ft",

	damage_immunities : "force; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Epic creatures",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed",

	passivePerception : 27,

	languages : "Primordial, Telepathy 120 ft",

	challengeRating : "47",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Touch of Eons",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [8, 8, "true"],
			range : "Melee or Ranged (5 or 300 ft)",
			description : "A creature immune to the effects of aging loses half that amount of hit points instead",
			modifiers : [23, 12, ""],
			tooltip : "Can also be used as a Legendary Action."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Alien Mind",
			description : "The weaver automatically succeeds on Constitution saving throws to maintain concentration on its spells."
		}, {
			name : "Do Over",
			description : "When the weaver fails a saving throw, it can expend the use of one of its unspent legendary actions to attempt the saving throw again. The weaver chooses which result to use."
		}, {
			name : "Fast Foward (5/day)",
			description : "If the weaver suffers from a hostile effect with a duration greater than instantaneous, it can choose to immediately end the effect (no action required)."
		}, {
			name : "Final Countdown",
			description : "When the weaver rolls initiative, it can choose to begin the final countdown. The weaver is mantled by the face of a simple clock formed of magical energy, with the device’s only hand set to 12. At the start of each of the weaver’s turns, the clock’s hand ticks forward one number. When the clock completes a full rotation and returns to 12, all time throughout the multiverse stops for 1 minute. If the weaver chooses to be immune to this effect, it cannot be affected by anything other than itself and can affect other creatures and objects with impunity. All other creatures are considered incapacitated (even if they would ordinarily be immune to the condition), cannot succeed on saving throws, and cannot take actions or produce effects of any kind. Once the weaver has used this feature, it cannot use it again for 1 year."
		}, {
			name : "Master of Time",
			description : "The weaver has unparalleled mastery over the forces of time, granting it the following benefits:\n   The weaver is immune to any effect that manipulates time unless it wishes to be affected. Additionally, the weaver is immune to the effects of temporal paradoxes, time loops, and other time-based phenomena.\n   When the weaver rolls for initiative, it chooses its initiative count. At the start of each round, it may again choose what initiative count it will act on that turn.\n   The weaver has chronosight, which allows it to perceive any creature within range that is aging.\n   The weaver cannot exist at the same time as another version of itself, even across multiple timelines.\n   The weaver always knows what time it is."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "As a mythic creature, a time weaver has the following properties:\n   Home Plane: A time weaver’s home plane is the river of time. When the weaver travels between the planes and no other creatures are traveling with it, it can choose to travel to the river of time.\n   Time Ticks On: When a time weaver deals damage to a creature or causes it to lose hit points, the creature instantly ages 1 year for every 10 points of damage taken or hit points lost. A creature reduced to 0 hit points in this manner is slain instantly, and a creature that is aged past the normal life expectancy for a creature of that race gains the decrepit condition for as long as it remains older than its life expectancy.\n     Decrepit Condition: When the creature gains the condition, and again every 10 minutes for as long as it has the condition, it must succeed on a DC 10 Constitution saving throw or die of old age. Each time a creature ages 1 year or more by any means, it must repeat this saving throw. When a creature succeeds on this saving throw, the DC of the next Constitution saving throw made against this effect increases by 2. This effect is cumulative until the condition ends.\n   Timewalker: When a time weaver would cast a spell to magically teleport itself or travel between the planes, it can increase the casting time of that spell to 10 minutes. When it does so, the spell instead transports the weaver and everything it is wearing and carrying forward or backward through time, or to an alternate timeline. Once the weaver has traveled a combined 500 years forward or backward through time in this manner, it must wait 1 year before it can do so again. Each time the weaver visits an alternate timeline, it is equivalent to 100 years of travel backward or forward through time."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), the weaver takes a mythic action to cause one of the following effects. The weaver can use the same effect multiple rounds in a row.\n   Embrace Eternity: The weaver forces each creature of its choice within 300 feet of it to attempt a DC 31 Constitution saving throw. On a failure, a creature loses 20d10 hit points, or half as much on a success. A creature immune to the effects of aging automatically succeeds on this saving throw.\n   Stricken Across Time: The weaver chooses a single creature it can see and forces it to attempt a DC 31 Charisma saving throw. On a failure, the creature is thrown backward, forward, and sideways through time as it is banished from the current moment of space and time. A banished creature’s speed is 0 and it cannot take actions. At the start of each of its turns, the creature reappears in the space it vacated or in the nearest unoccupied space if that space is occupied and takes 63 (14d8) psychic damage. At the end of each of its turns, the creature must succeed on a DC 31 Charisma saving throw or be banished again across space and time, repeating the aforementioned effects on its subsequent turns. This cycle continues until the affected creature succeeds on the Charisma saving throw, ending the effect."
		}, {
			name : "Echoes from the Past (Recharge 6)",
			description : "The weaver targets a single creature it can see, calling up a weaker version of that creature from the past. The past version of the creature is always a non-Epic version of the creature and has properties and statistics as the duplicate created from a simulacrum spell would. If the past version of the creature is slain, the present version of the creature ceases to exist. The past version of the creature exists for 1 minute before it is flung back through time from whence it came."
		}, {
			name : "Slow Field",
			description : "The weaver creates an area of slow time in a cube up to 30 feet on each side. Creatures inside cannot take bonus actions or reactions, and their speed is halved. The area lasts until the weaver finishes a short or long rest, or until it is slain."
		}, {
			name : "Temporal Anchor (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "The weaver marks the current moment in time, and the DM should record its statistics and hit points at that moment. Until the end of its next turn, the weaver can take a reaction at any time to return itself to the state it was in the moment it took this action (including the count of its Final Countdown feature)."
		}, {
			name : "Time Skip",
			description : "The weaver targets a single creature, object, or magical effect within 300 feet of it. The target must succeed on a DC 31 Wisdom saving throw or time warps forward at great speed around the target. If the target is under one or more effects with a duration, the duration of those effects is reduced to 1 round."
		}, {
			name : "Out of Time",
			description : "Immediately after a creature the weaver can see takes an action on its turn, the weaver can use its reaction to immediately end that creature’s turn."
		}, {
			name : "Cast an Epic Spell (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The weaver casts an Epic spell."
		}, {
			name : "Ravages of Time (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The weaver targets a single creature it can see with a dread Epic curse. The target must succeed on a DC 31 Wisdom saving throw or it cannot be immune to the effects of aging and can die of old age. Immediately after a creature ages 1 year or more, it can repeat this saving throw, ending the effect on a success."
		}, {
			name : "Readiness (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Until the start of its next turn, the weaver can take an additional reaction."
		}, {
			name : "Temporal Recovery (Legendary Action)",
			description : "The weaver rolls to recharge its Temporal Anchor or Echoes from the Past actions."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "The weaver’s innate spellcasting ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 31, +23 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: dimension door, planeshift\n   2/day each: determinism (tier 3), temporal stasis (tier 3)"
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["ultraxus, the dragon sovereign"] = {

	name : "Ultraxus, the Dragon Sovereign",

	source : [["ELCR", 197], ["ELHH", 291]],

	size : 3,

	type : "Dragon",

	subtype : "Mythic Dragon",

	alignment : "Lawful Evil",

	ac : 30,

	hp : 4095,

	hd : [182, 20],

	speed : "50 ft, fly 90 ft",

	scores : [35, 14, 32, 27, 19, 30],

	saves : ["+23", "+13", "+22", "+19", "+15", "+21"],

	skills : {
		"athletics" : 23,
		"history" : 19,
		"insight" : 15,
		"intimidation" : 21,
		"perception" : 26
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 60 ft, darkvision 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "fire; damage from non-Epic creatures",

	damage_resistances : "force",

	condition_immunities : "charmed, frightened",

	passivePerception : 36,

	languages : "Common, Draconic, Infernal",

	challengeRating : "48",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 4,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Bite",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [8, 12, "piercing"],
			range : "Melee (20 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional 4d10 force damage",
			modifiers : [23, 12, ""],
			tooltip : "Deals an additional an additional 2d6 fire damage per level of Superheated, and the target is grappled (escape DC 31). Until the grapple ends, Ultraxus cannot make a Bite attack against another target."
		}, {
			name : "Claw",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [4, 12, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (15 ft)",
			description : "Deals an additional an additional 2d6 fire damage per level of Superheated",
			modifiers : [23, 12, ""],
			tooltip : ""
		}, {
			name : "Tail",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [6, 12, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Melee (40 ft)",
			description : "The target is knocked prone",
			modifiers : [23, 12, ""],
			tooltip : "Deals an additional an additional 2d6 fire damage per level of Superheated"
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Immense",
			description : "Ultraxus’s form is tremendous. He is 80 ft. long from snout to tail and has a wingspan of more than 160 ft. On the battlefield, Ultraxus typically occupies a 40-ft.-by-40-ft. space. Ultraxus has Epic advantage on attacks against creatures of Huge size or smaller. Ultraxus can end his movement in a Huge or smaller creature’s space and does not treat such spaces as difficult terrain when moving through them. Additionally, Ultraxus can spend 20 feet of movement to deal 100 bludgeoning damage to an object or structure to which he is adjacent."
		}, {
			name : "Imperial Resilience (6/day)",
			description : "If Ultraxus fails a saving throw, he can choose to succeed instead. If Ultraxus succeeds on a saving throw against a spell in this manner, he is immune to that spell’s effects for the duration."
		}, {
			name : "Overpower",
			description : "When Ultraxus scores a hit on a weapon attack and exceeds his target’s AC by 10 or more, he instead scores a critical hit."
		}, {
			name : "Superheated",
			description : "Ultraxus’s attacks are magical. When Ultraxus deals damage with a melee weapon attack, he deals an additional 2d6 fire damage per level of superheated he possesses. Certain actions Ultraxus can take increase his level of superheated. Ultraxus can have up to twenty levels of superheated, and levels of superheated reset to zero when Ultraxus finishes a short or long rest."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "As a mythic creature, Ultraxus causes the following effects:\n   Dragon Commander: Ultraxus is an innate source of authority over other dragons. When a non-Epic dragon sees Ultraxus for the first time, it is immediately charmed. If a non-Epic dragon cannot be charmed, it is instead frightened. If a dragon does not see Ultraxus for a period of 30 days, the effect ends.\n   Reign of Terror: Ultraxus is inherently terrifying to creatures, striking fear into all but the most stalwart hearts. All non-Epic creatures other than dragons within a 10-mile radius of Ultraxus cannot be immune to the frightened condition and become frightened of Ultraxus if they become aware of his presence."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), Ultraxus takes a mythic action to cause one of the following effects. Ultraxus can cause the same effect multiple rounds in a row.\n   Dread Visage: Each creature of Ultraxus’s choice within 1 mile of him that is aware of his presence must succeed on a DC 31 Wisdom saving throw or become frightened for 1 minute. While frightened in this way, a creature must take the Dash action and move away from Ultraxus by the fastest available route on each of its turns. If a creature ends its turn in a location where it can’t see Ultraxus, it can attempt a DC 33 Wisdom saving throw. On a success, the creature is no longer frightened of Ultraxus.\n   Molten Scales: Ultraxus’s scales glow with heat. All creatures within 30 feet of him must succeed on a DC 31 Constitution saving throw or take 10d8 fire damage, plus 2d8 hit points per level of superheated. After taking this action, Ultraxus gains one level of superheated."
		}, {
			name : "Breath Weapons (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "Ultraxus uses one of the following breath weapons:\n   Annihilating Breath: Ultraxus unleashes a beam of pulverizing force that reduces matter to ruin. The beam is a line 1 mile long and 15 feet wide. Each creature in that line must succeed on a DC 31 Dexterity saving throw or take 220 (40d10) force damage, or half as much on a success. A creature grappled by Ultraxus’s Bite takes the maximum damage from the breath and cannot attempt a Dexterity saving throw to resist its effects. Objects and structures in the area take double damage from the breath’s effects. After using this breath, Ultraxus gains one level of superheated.\n   Antimagic Bomb: Ultraxus spits a globule of antimagic. The bomb has a range of 300 feet and explodes in a 20-foot radius centered on a point within range. Non-Epic spell effects and up to three Epic spell effects in the area are dispelled as if by targeted the tier 2 Epic spell antimagic ray (+10 ability check to dispel). For each Epic spell effect dispelled by this breath, Ultraxus gains one level of superheated."
		}, {
			name : "Adaptive Scales",
			description : "After Ultraxus takes damage from an attack, he may take a reaction to become immune to damage from all attacks until the end of that turn."
		}, {
			name : "Deep Breath (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Ultraxus inhales deeply, recharging his breath weapon. If his breath weapon is already recharged, the damage from his next Annihilating Breath increases by 10d10, and the radius of his next Antimagic Bomb increases by 10 feet. If Ultraxus does not use his breath weapon on his next turn after benefiting from this legendary action, both benefits are lost."
		}, {
			name : "Fury (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Ultraxus attempts a Perception ability check, then makes a Claw or Tail attack."
		}, {
			name : "Hurricane (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Ultraxus beats his wings, creating a blast of wind. He directs this wind in a 120-foot-long, 50-foot-wide line. Each creature in that area that does not have total cover from the wind must succeed on a DC 31 Strength saving throw or be thrown back to the end of the line and knocked prone. If a solid object or structure would prevent this movement, a creature takes 1d6 points of bludgeoning damage per 10 feet of movement prevented."
		}, {
			name : "Power Dive (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Ultraxus immediately moves up to double his speed in a straight line. All creatures occupying Ultraxus’s space at the end of this movement must succeed on a DC 31 Constitution saving throw or take 20d8 points of bludgeoning damage and become stunned until the end of their next turn. A successful saving throw halves the damage and prevents the stunned condition."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["yggdrasil, the world treant"] = {

	name : "Yggdrasil, the World Treant",

	source : [["ELCR", 198], ["ELHH", 294]],

	size : 0,

	type : "Plant",

	subtype : "Mythic Plant",

	alignment : "Chaotic Good",

	ac : 32,

	hp : 0,

	hd : [0, 0],

	speed : "0 ft",

	scores : [36, 1, 38, 18, 36, 16],

	saves : ["+24", "", "+25", "+15", "+24", "+14"],

	skills : {
		"history" : 26,
		"medicine" : 35,
		"nature" : 26,
		"perception" : 24
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Epic creatures",

	damage_resistances : "bludgeoning, piercing",

	condition_immunities : "exhaustion, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, prone, restrained, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 34,

	languages : "Common, Druidic, Elvish, Sylvan",

	challengeRating : "49",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [""],

	traits : [{
			name : "Mythic Fortitude",
			description : "When Yggdrasil fails a saving throw, she can choose to sacrifice 50 hit points from one of her sections to succeed instead. This damage cannot be prevented by any means, and Yggdrasil cannot use this feature with a section that has fewer than 50 hit points."
		}, {
			name : "Natural Defender",
			description : "Yggdrasil deals double damage to objects and structures. On each of her turns, Yggdrasil can spend half of her movement to deal 200 bludgeoning damage to an object or structure within 5 feet of her."
		}, {
			name : "Titantic Creature",
			description : "Yggdrasil is a titanic creature which is so large that combat involves dividing her body up into various sections, each of which has a fixed initiative count on which it acts (losing initiative ties), detailed in its description. Each section is considered a unique creature for purposes of targeting (in case an effect or attack would include multiple targets), and effects that include an area may affect multiple sections of Yggdrasil if the area is large enough. Each section has its own hit points and actions but shares Yggdrasil’s other statistics (such as damage resistances, saving throws, etc.). When a section is reduced to 0 hit points, it becomes incapacitated until it regains hit points or Yggdrasil is slain, which causes it to die along with the World Treant. If a section has a speed, Yggdrasil can move up to that section’s speed during the section’s turn. Creatures can enter and occupy the same space as Yggdrasil, which is considered difficult terrain, and Yggdrasil cannot make opportunity attacks. Additionally, attempts to forcibly move Yggdrasil or any of her parts automatically fails."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "As a mythic creature, Yggdrasil has the following traits:\n   Lifewarden: Yggdrasil emits a field of life-giving energy in a 100-mile radius centered on her. The field has the following properties:\n     Judgement: When a creature Yggdrasil is aware of in the area is reduced to 0 hit points, she can choose to slay that creature instantly.\n     Life Sense: Yggdrasil senses the presence of all living creatures in the area, along with their creature type, alignment, and whether or not they are Epic or Deific.\n     Revitalize: When a creature Yggdrasil is aware of in the area is slain and its body remains intact, Yggdrasil can immediately choose to begin restoring that creature to life over the course of 1 hour. If the creature’s body remains in the area for the full duration, it is restored to life with full hit points.\n   Perpetual: Yggdrasil has planted her seeds across the planes. If the World Treant is slain, hundreds of the seeds begin to sprout and reincarnate Yggdrasil. Each seed takes more than a century to properly germinate, with ideal conditions increasing its growth rate. The first seed to reach full size becomes the new Yggdrasil, with all the memories and knowledge of its predecessor. When Yggdrasil is formed, she blooms in a spectacular display of iridescent flowers, unleashing millions of flying seeds that are magically distributed across the planes."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Overpowering Will",
			description : "When any of Yggdrasil’s sections starts its turn, it can sacrifice 50 hit points to end a single condition currently affecting it. This damage cannot be prevented by any means, and Yggdrasil cannot use this feature with a section that has fewer than 50 hit points."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["yggdrasil's core"] = {

	name : "Yggdrasil's Core",

	source : [["ELCR", 199], ["ELHH", 297]],

	size : 0,

	type : "Plant",

	subtype : "Mythic Plant",

	alignment : "Chaotic Good",

	ac : 32,

	hp : 1470,

	hd : [60, 20],

	speed : "60 ft",

	scores : [36, 1, 38, 18, 36, 16],

	saves : ["+24", "", "+25", "+15", "+24", "+14"],

	skills : {
		"history" : 26,
		"medicine" : 35,
		"nature" : 26,
		"perception" : 24
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Epic creatures",

	damage_resistances : "bludgeoning, piercing",

	condition_immunities : "exhaustion, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, prone, restrained, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 34,

	languages : "Common, Druidic, Elvish, Sylvan",

	challengeRating : "49",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [""],

	traits : [{
			name : "Heartwood",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s core takes half damage from all non-Deific sources. When the core is reduced to 0 hit points, Yggdrasil is slain."
		}, {
			name : "Position",
			description : "The core makes up Yggdrasil’s main body, which is typically at least 100 feet above the space Yggdrasil occupies. The core section occupies a cube approximately 50 feet wide, 60 feet tall, and 40 feet deep."
		}, {
			name : "Will of the Heart",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s core does not need to concentrate on spells to maintain their effects for the duration."
		}, {
			name : "Set Initiative",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s core will always roll a 10 for it's initiative roll."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "As a mythic creature, Yggdrasil has the following traits:\n   Lifewarden: Yggdrasil emits a field of life-giving energy in a 100-mile radius centered on her. The field has the following properties:\n     Judgement: When a creature Yggdrasil is aware of in the area is reduced to 0 hit points, she can choose to slay that creature instantly.\n     Life Sense: Yggdrasil senses the presence of all living creatures in the area, along with their creature type, alignment, and whether or not they are Epic or Deific.\n     Revitalize: When a creature Yggdrasil is aware of in the area is slain and its body remains intact, Yggdrasil can immediately choose to begin restoring that creature to life over the course of 1 hour. If the creature’s body remains in the area for the full duration, it is restored to life with full hit points.\n   Perpetual: Yggdrasil has planted her seeds across the planes. If the World Treant is slain, hundreds of the seeds begin to sprout and reincarnate Yggdrasil. Each seed takes more than a century to properly germinate, with ideal conditions increasing its growth rate. The first seed to reach full size becomes the new Yggdrasil, with all the memories and knowledge of its predecessor. When Yggdrasil is formed, she blooms in a spectacular display of iridescent flowers, unleashing millions of flying seeds that are magically distributed across the planes."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Life Transference",
			description : "At the start of each of the core’s turns, it can choose to lose up to 1,000 hit points and cause one or more of Yggdrasil’s other sections to regain a number of hit points whose combined total cannot be greater than the amount of hit points lost by the core."
		}, {
			name : "Innate Spellcasting",
			description : "Yggdrasil is a 30th-level spellcaster, and her innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 32, +24 to hit with spell attacks). Yggdrasil’s core can innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:\n   At will: control weather, dispel magic (8th level), druidcraft, druidgrove, heal (9th level)\n   7/day: antimagic field, earthquake, sunburst, whirlwind\n   6/day (cast as a tier 2 Epic spell): bioclasm, megalith, venom lance\n   3/day (cast as a tier 3 Epic spell): genesis, hail of deadly blossoms"
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["yggdrasil's head"] = {

	name : "Yggdrasil's Head",

	source : [["ELCR", 199], ["ELHH", 298]],

	size : 0,

	type : "Plant",

	subtype : "Mythic Plant",

	alignment : "Chaotic Good",

	ac : 32,

	hp : 490,

	hd : [20, 20],

	speed : "0 ft",

	scores : [36, 1, 38, 18, 36, 16],

	saves : ["+24", "", "+25", "+15", "+24", "+14"],

	skills : {
		"history" : 26,
		"medicine" : 35,
		"nature" : 26,
		"perception" : 24
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Epic creatures",

	damage_resistances : "bludgeoning, piercing",

	condition_immunities : "exhaustion, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, prone, restrained, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 34,

	languages : "Common, Druidic, Elvish, Sylvan",

	challengeRating : "49",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [""],

	traits : [{
			name : "Bastion of the Mind",
			description : "Effects that would attempt to influence Yggdrasil’s mind (such as psychic damage, the stunned and unconscious conditions, or effects that force an Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma saving throw) must target her head section. If Yggdrasil’s head is blinded, charmed, deafened, frightened, incapacitated, stunned, or unconscious, all of her sections are as well."
		}, {
			name : "Position",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s head is part of her upper body and canopy, which is typically at least 150 feet above the space Yggdrasil occupies. The head section occupies a cube approximately 40 ft. wide, 50 ft, tall, and 30 ft. cube."
		}, {
			name : "Set Initiative",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s head will always roll a 15 for it's initiative roll."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Create Forest",
			description : "Yggdrasil conjures a grove of dense trees in a 50-foot cube centered on a point on the ground she can see. The trees are 50 feet tall and creatures shorter than the trees inside the area cannot see farther than 5 feet and have total cover against creatures outside the grove other than Yggdrasil. Each 1 foot of movement within the forest costs 2 extra feet of movement. The forest is considered a structure (AC 20, 300 hit points, vulnerability to fire damage)."
		}, {
			name : "Verdigris Tsunami (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "Yggdrasil exhales a twisting mass of pollen, moss, and spores in a 500-foot cone. Each creature in that area must succeed on a DC 32 Constitution saving throw or contract a deadly Epic disease. While infected with this disease, when a creature would regain hit points, it instead regains no hit points and a section of Yggdrasil (her choice) regains an equivalent amount of hit points. Any creature attempting to cure the disease must succeed on a DC 32 Medicine ability check or the attempt fails."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Arboreal Conversion",
			description : "At the start of each of head’s turns, each enemy creature within a 1-mile radius with 20 or fewer hit points is turned into a plantlike facsimile of itself and is petrified. Additionally, the maximum hit points required to be affected by this feature increases by 20 immediately after this effect occurs. This effect is cumulative, to a maximum of 200 hit points. This feature loses its cumulative effects when Yggdrasil finishes a short or long rest."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["yggdrasil's left arm"] = {

	name : "Yggdrasil's Left Arm",

	source : [["ELCR", 200], ["ELHH", 298]],

	size : 0,

	type : "Plant",

	subtype : "Mythic Plant",

	alignment : "Chaotic Good",

	ac : 32,

	hp : 490,

	hd : [20, 20],

	speed : "0 ft",

	scores : [36, 1, 38, 18, 36, 16],

	saves : ["+24", "", "+25", "+15", "+24", "+14"],

	skills : {
		"history" : 26,
		"medicine" : 35,
		"nature" : 26,
		"perception" : 24
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Epic creatures",

	damage_resistances : "bludgeoning, piercing",

	condition_immunities : "exhaustion, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, prone, restrained, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 34,

	languages : "Common, Druidic, Elvish, Sylvan",

	challengeRating : "49",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Hurl",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [10, 20, "bludgeoning"],
			range : "Ranged (1000/3000 ft)",
			description : "The arm can hurl any object or creature that it is holding",
			modifiers : [24, 13, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must succeed on a DC 32 Constitution saving throw or be knocked unconscious until the start of its next turn. The object thrown takes 10d20 + 13 bludgeoning damage when it collides with the target or a solid object."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Position",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s left arm is positioned on the left side of her upper body, which is typically at least 100 ft. above and immediately to the left of the space Yggdrasil occupies. The left arm section occupies a cube approximately 25 ft. wide, 100 ft. tall, and 25 ft. deep."
		}, {
			name : "Set Initiative",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s left arm will always roll a 25 for it's initiative roll."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Smash",
			description : "The arm cleaves a 30-ft by 30-ft. cube centered on a point within 100 feet of Yggdrasil. Each creature in the area must succeed on a DC 32 Dexterity saving throw or take 14d20 + 13 bludgeoning damage, or half as much on a success. Additionally, on a failure each Gargantuan or smaller creature completely in the area is grappled."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["yggdrasil's right arm"] = {

	name : "Yggdrasil's Right Arm",

	source : [["ELCR", 200], ["ELHH", 299]],

	size : 0,

	type : "Plant",

	subtype : "Mythic Plant",

	alignment : "Chaotic Good",

	ac : 32,

	hp : 490,

	hd : [20, 20],

	speed : "0 ft",

	scores : [36, 1, 38, 18, 36, 16],

	saves : ["+24", "", "+25", "+15", "+24", "+14"],

	skills : {
		"history" : 26,
		"medicine" : 35,
		"nature" : 26,
		"perception" : 24
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Epic creatures",

	damage_resistances : "bludgeoning, piercing",

	condition_immunities : "exhaustion, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, prone, restrained, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 34,

	languages : "Common, Druidic, Elvish, Sylvan",

	challengeRating : "49",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 4,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Thrashing Vine",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [5, 12, "piercing"],
			range : "Ranged (1000/3000 ft)",
			description : "A Gargantuan or smaller target may be pulled 50 feet toward Yggdrasil",
			modifiers : [24, 13, ""],
			tooltip : "The target must succeed on a DC 32 Constitution saving throw or be knocked unconscious until the start of its next turn. The object thrown takes 10d20 + 13 bludgeoning damage when it collides with the target or a solid object."
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Position",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s right arm is positioned on the right side of her upper body, which is typically at least 100 feet above and immediately to the right of the space Yggdrasil occupies. The right arm section occupies a cube approximately 15 ft. wide, 100 ft. tall, and 15 ft. deep."
		}, {
			name : "Set Initiative",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s right arm will always roll a 5 for it's initiative roll."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Photosynthesis",
			description : "A spectacular flower blooms upon the arm. At the end of each of the arm’s turns while the flower is blooming, one of Yggdrasil’s sections regains 20d6 hit points. Dealing 100 points of damage to the arm destroys a single flower creature in this manner upon it."
		}
	]
};

CreatureList["yggdrasil's legs"] = {

	name : "Yggdrasil's Legs",

	source : [["ELCR", 200], ["ELHH", 299]],

	size : 0,

	type : "Plant",

	subtype : "Mythic Plant",

	alignment : "Chaotic Good",

	ac : 32,

	hp : 1372,

	hd : [56, 20],

	speed : "140 ft",

	scores : [36, 1, 38, 18, 36, 16],

	saves : ["+24", "", "+25", "+15", "+24", "+14"],

	skills : {
		"history" : 26,
		"medicine" : 35,
		"nature" : 26,
		"perception" : 24
	},

	senses : "",

	damage_immunities : "radiant; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from non-Epic creatures",

	damage_resistances : "bludgeoning, piercing",

	condition_immunities : "exhaustion, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, prone, restrained, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 34,

	languages : "Common, Druidic, Elvish, Sylvan",

	challengeRating : "49",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 1,

	attacks : [""],

	traits : [{
			name : "Mighty Tread",
			description : "When Yggdrasil moves through another creature’s space, she can choose to force that creature to succeed on a DC 32 Dexterity saving throw or take 12d12 + 13 bludgeoning damage and be knocked prone. A creature cannot take damage from this feature more than once per turn."
		}, {
			name : "Position",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s legs are positioned in her space, which is typically a 60-ft.-by-60-ft. square. Yggdrasil’s legs are approximately 100 ft. tall."
		}, {
			name : "Set Initiative",
			description : "Yggdrasil’s legs will always roll a 20 for it's initiative roll."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Shake Off",
			description : "Yggdrasil twists and shakes with terrific force. Each creature occupying Yggdrasil’s space or climbing upon her must use their reaction to attempt a DC 32 Athletics or Acrobatics ability check or be thrown 200 feet away from Yggdrasil. Creatures that can’t use their reaction automatically fail this ability check."
		}, {
			name : "Take Root",
			description : "The legs extend their roots deep into the ground. Until the start of the legs’ next turn, Yggdrasil gains blindsight with a range of 1 mile."
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["house of orizareb"] = {

	name : "House of Orizareb",

	source : [["ELCR", 199], ["ELHH", 297]],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "legendary",

	attunement : true,

	weight : 0,

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "When I finish a long rest within the structure, my eyes turn a solid emerald green, and I gain a special sense called arborsight for as long as I remain attuned to the structure.",

	descriptionFull : "High atop Yggdrasil’s boughs lies a small tree house which contains a unique library filled with one-of-a-kind tomes written in Druidic. The former house of the mighty primordial Orizareb—who tutored under Yggdrasil on his path to epic power—holds a great power for those who revere nature in all its forms. When I finish a long rest within the structure, my eyes turn a solid emerald green, and I gain a special sense called arborsight for as long as I remain attuned to the structure.\n\nArborsight: Creatures that aren’t plants within 30 feet of me cannot be hidden or invisible to me.",

	vision : [["Arborsight", 30]],
}

CreatureList["hastur, the king in yellow"] = {

	name : "Hastur, the King in Yellow",

	source : [["ELCR", 203], ["ELHH", 300]],

	size : 0,

	type : "Aberration",

	subtype : "Mythic Aberration (Great Old One)",

	alignment : "Unalinged",

	ac : 30,

	hp : 3503,

	hd : [226, 10],

	speed : "30 ft, fly 120 ft (hover)",

	scores : [18, 20, 30, 26, 19, 36],

	saves : ["+16", "+17", "+22", "+20", "+16", "+25"],

	skills : {
		"arcana" : 32,
		"deception" : 37,
		"insight" : 28,
		"religion" : 32,
		"perception" : 16
	},

	senses : "Blindsight 120 ft",

	damage_immunities : "psychic; damage from non-Epic creatures",

	damage_resistances : "acid, cold",

	condition_immunities : "blinded, charmed, exhaustion, frightened, stunned, unconscious",

	passivePerception : 26,

	languages : "Telepathy, Unlimited range to any creature on the same plane",

	challengeRating : "50",

	proficiencyBonus : 2,

	attacksAction : 3,

	attacks : [{
			name : "Tattered Lash",
			ability : 1,
			damage : [6, 10, "slashing"],
			range : "Melee (50 ft)",
			description : "The creature is pushed up to 50 feet away from Hastur",
			modifiers : [17, 5, ""],
			tooltip : "Can also be used as a Legendary Action"
		}
	],

	traits : [{
			name : "Great Old One Magic",
			description : "Hastur does not require material components for spells, may speak a spell’s verbal components telepathically, and does not need to concentrate on spells to maintain their effects for the duration."
		}, {
			name : "Infectious Madness",
			description : "Hastur’s spells and abilities induce madness. Each time a creature fails a death, Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma saving throw against Hastur, the creature gains one level of yellow mania."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Resistance",
			description : "If Hastur fails a saving throw, it may expend the use of an unspent legendary action to succeed instead."
		}, {
			name : "Out of Touch",
			description : "Hastur barely registers reality as we know it. If Hastur takes 30 or less damage from a single instance of damage it instead takes no damage."
		}, {
			name : "Unearthly Grace",
			description : "Hastur moves with an otherworldly air, granting him the following benefits:\n   Hastur may take both a Dash and Disengage action as a single bonus action.\n   Once on each of its turns, if Hastur is prevented from taking an action (including bonus, legendary, and mythic actions) as the result of a condition or magical effect, it may spend half its movement (minimum of 5 ft.) to become immune to that condition or magical effect until the end of that turn."
		}, {
			name : "Mythic Effects",
			description : "As a mythic creature, Hastur causes the following effects. If Hastur is on its home plane of Carcosa, these effects apply to the entire realm. Otherwise their range is always a 20-mile radius centered on Hastur. Those within either area suffer the following effects:\n   Maddening Dreams: If a non-Epic creature finishes a short or long rest, it must succeed on a DC 33 Wisdom saving throw or suffer one level of yellow mania (see the Madness of Hastur trait). Additionally, Hastur is aware of any creature in the area with one or more levels of yellow mania.\n   Madness of Hastur: Hastur’s abilities inflict a unique condition called yellow mania, which is measured in six levels. An effect produced by Hastur can give one or more levels of yellow mania, as specified in the effect’s description. Yellow mania is a special condition which cannot be removed by any means other than those presented in this feature. When a creature would regain 200 or more hit points as a result of magical healing from an Epic effect, it may instead prevent that healing and reduce its levels of yellow mania by one for every 200 hit points it would have regained. If a creature would be immune to yellow mania, it loses that immunity and instead gains Epic advantage on saving throws against effects that would cause it to gain levels of yellow mania. A creature suffers the effect of its current level of yellow mania as well as all lower levels. For example, a creature suffering two levels of yellow mania loses all resistance or immunity to psychic damage, cannot reduce psychic damage it takes, and cannot move more than 10 feet in a straight line before changing direction. Abilities, effects, or spells that would remove yellow mania instead reduce its level by one. All yellow mania effects end if a creature’s yellow mania level is reduced below one.\n     Level   Effect\n     1       The affected creature cannot move more than 10 ft. in a straight line before changing direction.\n     2       The affected creature loses all resistance and immunity to psychic damage and cannot reduce psychic damage it takes by any means.\n     3       The affected creature’s sight and other senses are reduced to 15 ft. and the creature is blind beyond that radius.\n     4       The affected creature deals half damage.\n     5       The affected creature must spend its bonus action each turn drawing the Yellow Sign using a readily available surface or medium.\n     6       The affected creature must spend its action(s) on its turn attempting to kill itself.\n   The Black Stars Beckon: By spending 1 minute of uninterrupted concentration, Hastur can cast any spell or Epic spell of its choice with a range greater than self at any point within the area. Hastur must be aware of the presence of creatures to target them with a spell cast in this manner, but it need not see them (even if the spell would ordinarily require it to do so). This is a Deific effect.\n   Whispers of Hastur: Once per hour, Hastur may issue a telepathic command to a creature with an Intelligence greater than 5 within the area. When that creature would take a long rest, it must instead spend that time creating a work of art using any tools it has available or gain two levels of yellow mania."
		}
	],

	actions : [{
			name : "Mythic Actions",
			description : "On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), Hastur takes a mythic action to cause one of the following effects. Hastur can cause the same effect multiple times in a row.\n   Active Hallucinations: Hastur magically teleports to a space it can see within 80 feet of it. Additionally, six illusory copies of Hastur are created in unoccupied spaces it can see within 80 feet of it. The illusions function as Hastur does and act on its turn, but their actions cannot harm or affect anything. If damaged, the illusions are destroyed, but otherwise are indistinguishable from Hastur. If they are not destroyed, the illusions disappear on the next initiative count of 20.\n   Present the Yellow Sign: Hastur presents the Yellow Sign, an eldritch glyph that heralds its profane power. All creatures within 60 feet of it that can see Hastur must succeed on a DC 33 Wisdom saving throw or gain three levels of yellow mania, or one level on a success. Unless surprised, a creature can use its reaction to avert its eyes to automatically succeed on the saving throw. A creature that averts its eyes in this manner cannot target Hastur until the end of its next turn."
		}, {
			name : "Overwhelming Presence (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "Hastur asserts total authority over the minds of creatures around it. Until the start of Hastur’s next turn, the first time a creature attempts a saving throw against Hastur, it cannot succeed on that saving throw."
		}, {
			name : "Revel in Madness (Recharge 5-6)",
			description : "Hastur shatters the minds of its enemies. Each creature with one or more levels of yellow mania in a 1-mile radius centered on Hastur must succeed on a DC 33 Intelligence saving throw or take 10d10 psychic damage per level of yellow mania it has. A successful saving throw halves the damage."
		}, {
			name : "Cast a Spell (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Hastur casts a non-Epic spell."
		}, {
			name : "Cast an Epic Spell (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Hastur casts an Epic spell."
		}, {
			name : "Dark Impulse (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Hastur chooses a creature it is aware of with one or more levels of yellow mania and forces it to attempt a DC 33 Wisdom saving throw. On a failure, the creature immediately uses its reaction to take an action of Hastur’s choice that the creature could ordinarily take as an action on its turn."
		}, {
			name : "Violent Paranoia (Legendary Action)",
			description : "Hastur instils a maddening paranoia in a creature it is aware of. The creature must succeed on a DC 33 Wisdom saving throw or be forced to consider all allies as enemies for 1 hour. The creature still considers Hastur a primary threat, but will not make efforts to avoid injuring its former allies and will actively defend itself if approached. The extremity of this effect should be determined by the creature’s personality and the DM. A creature may attempt a DC 33 Wisdom saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on a success."
		}
	],

	features : [{
			name : "Spellcasting",
			description : "Hastur is a 30th-level spellcaster. Its spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 33, +25 to hit with spell attacks). When Hastur would deal damage with a spell or magical effect, it may choose to instead deal psychic damage. Hastur can innately cast the following spells:\n   At will (cast as an 8th-level spell): harm, hideous laughter, mass suggestion, phantasmal force, synaptic static\n   9/day: feeblemind, globe of invulnerability, planeshift, psychic scream†, teleport\nHastur has the following Epic spells prepared:\n   Tier 1 (7 slots): antimagic ray, dimensional mastery, hideous mandate, infinity room, magic bullet, night terror\n   Tier 2 (6 slots): determinism, enslave, implosion, kinetic control\n   Tier 3 (5 slots): soul harvest, sphere of ultimate destruction"
		}
	]
};

MagicItemsList["the great lighthouse"] = {

	name : "The Great Lighthouse",

	source : ["ELCC", 8],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "relic",

	attunement : true,

	weight : "",

	allowDuplicates : false,

	description : "Check the notes to see the full details of this item.",

	descriptionFull : "Once Nexus founders Heletek Pyeha and Kaya Thul discovered the interdimensional wonder upon which the city was founded, they set to work creating a device that would streamline and monopolize travel through the space. By combining Kaya’s technological brilliance with Heletek's elemental power, the pair fashioned a genius device of titanic proportions. This arcatech1 wonder became known as the Great Lighthouse, for its magical beacon could draw travelers from across the multiverse to Nexus. The relic is staggeringly complex. It took the twin geniuses of Heletek and Kaya almost a decade to complete and utilizes peculiar cosmic magic that completely mystifies other spellcasters. The lighthouse appears as a gigantic golden sphere at the center of Nexus, its many layers humming with arcane energies while countless components clang and grind to the sound of a thousand mechanical systems. To date, none but the founders have unlocked its full power. Currently the relic’s command center is in possession of the Nexus City Council, who votes on any action that involves diverting the relic from its daily routine. The command center is perpetually manned by an elite team of Nexian sheriffs whose loyalty to Nexus is beyond reproach and whose power is rumored to be far greater than it appears.",

	toNotesPage : [{
		name : "The Great Lighthouse Details",
		source : ["ELCC", 8],
		popupName : "The Great Lighthouse Details",
		note : "\nWhile unattuned, the relic has the following properties:\n   Banishment: As an action, a creature wielding the relic can banish a creature it is aware of within the interdimensional space Nexus occupies. A creature so banished is returned to its plane of origin or a plane of the wielder’s choice to which Nexus is attuned via its Planar Attunement feature. A creature so banished cannot return to Nexus for a period of up to 100 years, the duration of which is chosen by the wielder when the banishment occurs. When a creature is banished in this manner, a great bell rings out that can be heard by all creatures across Nexus.\n   Dimensional Ward: When a non-Deific creature attempts to enter the interdimensional space Nexus occupies, its journey can be delayed for up to 1 hour. During this time, the wielder of the relic can determine the creature’s true nature, creature type, and whether it is Epic or not. Additionally, the wielder can choose to deny the creature entry, forcing it to reappear in the nearest unoccupied space to where it left.\n   Divine Protocol: When a Deific creature attempts to enter the interdimensional space Nexus occupies, the wielder of the relic can choose to have the creature appear in an unoccupied space of the wielder’s choice within the House of the Eternal.\n   Exile: By engaging in 1 hour of strenuous activity, the wielder of the relic can exile a creature within the area of interdimensional space Nexus occupies. A creature so exiled appears in an unoccupied space in a random plane in a random universe that is not its home universe.\n   Interdimensional Portal: When the relic opens a portal to a universe to which it is attuned via its Planar Attunement feature, the portal always opens on a plane (chosen by the wielder) within that universe, and a corresponding portal openswithin 1,000 feet of the relic. Both portals are up to 100 feet wide and 50 feet tall and must appear in unoccupied spaces. Additionally, each portal has an entry and exit side. Anything that passes through a portal’s entrance appears in the nearest unoccupied space at the corresponding portal’s exit. The wielder of the relic can take an action to manually open or close a portal opened with this feature or schedule the relic to open or close portals to various attuned planes on a time schedule. During ordinary hours of operation, the relic opens a single portal to each attuned plane once per day for a period of 1 hour.\n   Planar Attunement: The relic can be attuned to any number of universes through a specific plane within that universe. The number of universes the relic is attuned to is determined by the DM, though the relic can attune to additional universes via its Universe Tunneling feature.\n   Universe Tunneling: By spending 12 hours of strenuous activity working the relic’s complex machinery, the wielder can attempt to attune the relic to a new universe. Doing so requires a successful DC 50 Epic Arcana check, or the attempt fails. The target universe and plane within is chosen randomly unless the wielder possesses an object from a universe they wish to target, in which case only the plane is chosen randomly. On a success, the relic opens a portal to a plane in that universe for 24 hours. If the wielder closes the portal before 24 hours have passed, the relic does not become attuned to the plane and cannot benefit from its Planar Attunement feature. Using this feature is extremely dangerous. Many universes are home to incredibly hostile beings that would threaten the safety of Nexus, so many consider this feature not worth the risk. This feature has only been attempted twice since the founders vanished from Nexus, and only once was it successful, though the cost was extraordinarily high.\nBecoming attuned to the relic requires one discover 10 new universes using its Universe Tunneling feature and spend at least 1 continuous year exploring universes so discovered. Additionally, the relic can be attuned to up to seven creatures simultaneously in this manner. While attuned, the relic gains the following properties in addition to its unattuned properties:\n   Remote Control: While I'm not incapacitated, I can use any of the relic’s features as though I were wielding it from its command center.\n   Survey: By engaging in 1 week of strenuous activity, the wielder can use the relic to survey a universe before visiting it. A creature that does so learns the target universe’s cosmology (how many planes or planets it possesses) along with the number and nature of Deific beings within.\nThe relic has 100 charges. Any time it uses its Banishment or Exile feature, it loses 1 charge if the target was a Non-Epic creature, 20 charges if it was an Epic creature, or 50 charges if it was a Deific creature. If the relic ever has 0 charges, it is destroyed. The relic regains all expended charges at end of each year.",
	}],
}

MagicItemsList["star flare"] = {

	name : "Star Flare",

	source : ["ELCC", 9],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "very rare",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 10,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "As an action while holding the rod, I can cause it to emit a flash of bright light in 500-foot radius. One hour after the effect occurs, a magical portal appears in an unoccupied space within 200 feet of the space where the rod emitted the flash of light.",

	descriptionFull : "This steel rod is topped with a strangely cut diamond that emits dim light for 20 feet. As an action while holding the rod, I can cause it to emit a flash of bright light in 500-foot radius. One hour after the effect occurs, a magical portal appears in an unoccupied space within 200 feet of the space where the rod emitted the flash of light. The portal is 50 feet square with a single entrance. When a creature enters the portal’s entrance, it appears in an unoccupied space within the Customs area of Nexus, and the portal closes behind it. Once I have used the rod to open a portal in this manner, I must wait 1 week before I can use it again.",

	action : ["action"],
}

MagicItemsList["cloak of citizenship"] = {

	name : "Cloak of Citizenship",

	source : ["ELCC", 11],

	type : "wondrous item",

	rarity : "common",

	attunement : false,

	weight : 3,

	allowDuplicates : true,

	description : "While I wear this cloak, it assumes a color according to my citizenship status within Nexus, the City of Legends.",

	descriptionFull : "While I wear this cloak, it assumes a color according to my citizenship status within Nexus, the City of Legends. Additionally, if I'm a resident of Nexus, an emblem of the district in which I reside appears embroidered in the fabric. Finally, regardless of what form I assume, the cloak will not become a part of that form and instead will take a shape and size appropriate for my new form.\n   White: Nexian Sheriff\n   Gray: Temporary Visa\n   Black: Expired Visa\n   Orange: Resident of the Steel Streets\n   Yellow: Resident of the Golden Path of Prosperity\n   Green: Resident of the Emerald Wilds\n   Pink: Resident of the Velvet Alleys\n   Blue: Resident of the University of Omniversal Arcana\n   Red: Resident of the Towers of Thul\n   Violet: Resident of the House of the Eternal",
}
